
_

























COLLECTION OF FOX DATA


    Compiled by
  Shirley Faucette

























        1 972


















  With Sincere Thanks


          to


Joseph E. Steadman, Sr.

    J. Ben Robinson

  Jasper R. Hendrick


On behalf of the descendants of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox.



                     Also,

To those of our Mississippi family, whose enthusiasm, hard
work, research, and love for their family have contributed
to this work on the ancestry of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox.

  In this latter group are too many to list, but special
  mention is made of the work of Bessie Fox Truly, Carl
  Fox, James C. Fox, Eleanor Fox Ponder, Z. F. Shelton,
  and Emma Shirley Fox Faucette.

                      And,

To Dr. William D. McCain, for making possible its publication.











                   COLLECTION OF FOX DATA

                                  .

                                           Compiled by Shirley Faucette


                         SECTION I.

WILLIAM FOX OF BRUNSWICK COUNTY, VIRGINIA                     Page 1
    (b. 1710; d. 1764; m. Sarah Avent)


    Exhibit 1 Children of William Fox                         Page 7

    Exhibit 2 Abstract of Will of William Fox                 Page 8


                        SECTION II.

COLONEL HENRY FOX OF CHARLESTON AND RICHLAND COUNTY, S.C.     Page 10
    (b. ca. 1698-1702; d. ca. 1770;
    m-l:  Mary (Goodwyn?); m-2:  Mrs. Martha Keen)


    Exhibit 1 Excerpts from Deed by Henry Fox,                Page 11
                Brunswick County, Virginia, 1735

    Exhibit 2 South Carolina Land Grants to Henry Fox         Page 12

    Exhibit 3 Excerpts from Register Book for Prince          Page 16
                Frederick Parish, Winyah, S.C.

    Exhibit 4 Will of Martin Keane                            Page 17

    Exhibit 5 Excerpt from South Carolina Historical          Page 19
               and Genealogical Magazine, Vol. 1,
                pp. 151-152








   COLLECTION OF FOX DATA

Compiled by Shirley Faucette


         SECTION I.

WILLIAM FOX OF BRUNSWICK COUNTY, VIRGINIA                     Page 1
    (b. 1710; d. 1764; m. Sarah Avent)


    Exhibit 1 Children of William Fox                         Page 7

    Exhibit 2 Abstract of Will of William Fox                 Page 8


                        SECTION II.

COLONEL HENRY FOX OF CHARLESTON AND RICHLAND COUNTY, S.C.     Page 10
    (b. ca. 1698-1702; d. ca. 1770;
    m-l:  Mary (Goodwyn?); m-2:  Mrs. Martha Keen)


    Exhibit 1 Excerpts from Deed by Henry Fox,                Page 11
                Brunswick County, Virginia, 1735

    Exhibit 2 South Carolina Land Grants to Henry Fox         Page 12

    Exhibit 3 Excerpts from Register Book for Prince          Page 16
                Frederick Parish, Winyah, S.C.

    Exhibit 4 Will of Martin Keane                            Page 17

    Exhibit 5 Excerpt from South Carolina Historical          Page 19
                and Genealogical Magazine, Vol. 1,
                pp. 151-152



                       SECTION III.

WILLIAM FOX OF RICHLAND COUNTY, SOUTH CAROLINA                Page 21
    (b. 1736-1744; d. 1816; wife, Sarah Carroll)


    Exhibit 1 Will and Estate Papers of William Fox           Page 29

    Exhibit 2 Possible Make-up of Various Related             Page 34
                Families

    Exhibit 3 Will of George Carter and Excerpts from         Page 41
                Letter from Mrs. Russell Lewis to Miss
               Annie Gregg

    Exhibit 4 Notes Concerning Sarah Carroll                  Page 43

    Exhibit 5   Will of Charles Carroll, Charleston, S.C.,    Page 47
                and Excerpts from "South Carolina &
                American General Gazette" and "Georgia
                Gazette"

    Exhibit 6   South Carolina Land Grants to William Fox     Page 51

    Exhibit 7 Revolutionary Service Record                    Page 53


                        SECTION IV.

HENRY FOX OF SOUTH CAROLINA, ALABAMA, AND MISSISSIPPI         Page 56
    (b. 1768; d. 1852; wife, Sarah Harrell)

    Exhibit 1 Letter from Priscilla Virginia Fox Starr        Page 60
               dated June 6, 1902, to her half-brother,
               James Israel Fox

    Exhibit 2 Letter from Carl Fox, dated August 18,          Page 63
               1902, to his brother, Lee Fox

    Exhibit 3 Letter from Carl Fox, dated December 4,         Page 65
               1904, to Eleanor Fox Ponder

    Exhibit 4 Letter from Carl Fox, dated December 2,         Page 69
               1954, to James C. Fox

    Exhibit 5 Letter from Carl Fox, dated December 17,        Page 71
               to Mrs. Dot Fox Mallory

    Exhibit 6   Preface by Carl Fox to Genealogy Compiled by  Page 74
                His Sister, Bessie Fox Truly, written circa
                1930.  Excerpts from Mrs. Truly's Genealogy.

    Exhibit 7   Excerpt from Goodspeed's "Biographical and    Page 81
                Historical Memoirs of Mississippi"



_







                                        SECTION IV (Continued)

                   Exhibit 8   Excerpts from "Trailing the Foxes", by        Page 82
                               James C. Fox, Monticello, Arkansas

                   Exhibit 9   Notes on Jacob Fox Family, by Z. F. Shelton   Page 89

                   Exhibit 10  Notes on Malachi Fox as told to John Henry    Page 91
                               Fox, Jr., by His Father, son of Malachi Fox

                   Exhibit 11 Notes on Malachi Fox as told to Eleanor        Page 93
                              Fox Pennington by Her Father, Will Fox,
                              Son of Malachi Fox

                   Exhibit 12 Notes on Dorcas Fox Mills                      Page 96

                  Exhibit 13 Will of Ann (Nancy) Johnson and Known           Page 97
                              Genealogy of Johnson-Hughes Connections

                  Exhibit 14 Text of Historical Marker at Fox Cemetery       Page 105

                   Exhibit 15  Children of Henry Fox and Sarah Harrell Fox   Page 106


                                              SECTION V

             MISCELLANEOUS EXHIBITS


                   Exhibit 1 Excerpt from "Some Fox Trails in Old            Page 109
                              Virginia", by Ellen M. Cocke

                   Exhibit 2 Article on Anne West's Family Line,             Page 110
                              from "Richmond Times-Dispatch"

                  Exhibit 3 Fox Family Reunion Group - Mississippi           Page 113

                  Exhibit 4 Outline of Possible Lineage of Henry Fox         Page 115
                               (1768-1852) Comparing View of Joseph E.
                              Steadman, Sr., and J. Ben Robinson


                                       SECTION VI

             "TOMBSTONE TOUR"                                                Page 125

                   Some points of interest for the Fox Family in Virginia,
                   South Carolina, and Mississippi.









                          SECTION I



WILLIAM FOX OF BRUNSWICK COUNTY, VIRGINIA                       Page 1
    (b. 1710; d. 1764, m. Sarah Avent)


   Exhibit 1 Children of William Fox                            Page 7
   Exhibit 2 Abstract of Will of William Fox                    Page 8








































    -


								1


                WILLIAM FOX OF BRUNSWICK COUNTY, VIRGINIA


           William Fox of Brunswick County, Virginia, (born ca. 1710;
d. 1764) was one of several sons of Henry Fox (2nd) of Brunswick County,
Virginia, and was a brother of Colonel Henry Fox (3rd), who went to
South Carolina.

           William Fox of Brunswick County, Virginia, is of special
interest to the Mississippi Fox family because of the possible connec-
tion with Sarah Harrell, the wife of Henry Fox (born 1768i died 1852),
who was a son of William Fox of Richland County, South Carolina, and a
grandson of Col. Henry Fox of the same county.

           It is thought that this William Fox moved to Brunswick County
about the same time that his father, Henry Fox (2nd), settled there.
They apparently located near where William's brother, Henry Fox (3rd),
had settled previously.

           Dr. J. Ben Robinson of Baltimore, Maryland, a Fox family
historian descended from John Fox, son of Henry and Anne West Fox, has
called attention to the fact that Brunswick County was constructed in
1720, though the organization of its government was delayed until 1732.
(See also Chapter 3, Section 1, of Mr. Steadman's book.)  A courthouse
was built, and a "Commission of the Peace" was appointed, with Henry
Fox (2nd), formerly justice and sheriff of King William County, acting
as Chief Justice.  Dr. Robinson states that Fort Christiana, which was
built in 1714 as a frontier protection, fell within the county, and
when Henry Fox (2nd) moved to Brunswick county in 1731, he probably
settled somewhere near the courthouse and the Fort, which were about six
miles apart.  Land deeds indicate that Henry (3rd) lived near the Fort;
and his brother, William Fox, lived at first on Fontaine Creek, about 15
miles from Henry (3rd), and later lived across the creek on a large
plantation left his wife, Mary Avent Fox, by her father Capt. Thomas
Avent.  Dr. Robinson considers Richard Fox, who lived on the south side
of the Roanoke River at Smith's Creek, about 15 miles from Henry (3rd),
another brother of Henry (3rd) and William Fox.  Mr. Steadman is of the
opinion, as set forth in his work, that he belonged to a different family.

           About 1734 William Fox married Sarah Avent.  Her father, Capt.
Thomas Avent, died in Surry County, Virginia, in 1756.  The following is
a quotation from the work of Dr. Robinson:

           "Col. Thomas Avent died in Surry County in 1756.  In 1763
     the administrator of his estate sold his Brunswick County (then
     Innenburg County) property to Robert Lark who, in turn sold it to
     Richard Fox's son, Jacob Fox, 'whose land it adjoined.'  In 1743


    William Fox bought and occupied land in eastern Brunswick County.
    He was located south of the Meherrin River and situated on the
    west bank of Fountain Run about 18 miles southeast of Fort Chris-
    tiana.  William and Sarah (Avent) Fox had three sons and eight
    daughters, many of whose descendants now live in Greensville,
    Sussex and Southampton Counties, Virginia, and in Halifax and
    Northampton Counties, North Carolina, from whom the writer has
    obtained much valuable information.  It is of peculiar interest
    that Winifred Fox, a granddaughter of William Fox, married James
    Robinson, a nephew of Mrs. Hannah (Williamson) Fox, wife of
    Richard Fox.  The late Miss Kathleen Alsop, for years registrar
    at the College of William and Mary, was of this line."
    [This information was included in unpublished material given to
    Shirley Faucette by Dr. Robinson.]


           Included as exhibits in this section are excerpts from the will
of William Fox of Brunswick County, Virginia, dated December 22,1763, and
recorded January 23, 1764.

           Also included is a list of the children of William and Sarah
Avent Fox prepared by Dr. Robinson showing the probable dates of birth
as indicated by facts known concerning them.


Noona (Unity?) Fox, Daughter of William and Sarah Avent Fox

           Of special interest to Mississippi Foxes is the daughter
listed as "Noona" in the will of William Fox.  It is considered highly
likely by both Dr. Robinson and Mr. Steadman that "Noona" was the nick-
name for a daughter who was named "Unity" and that she is the same
Unity Fox who is shown as marrying John (or William?) Harrell, in
North Carolina, and who may have been the mother of Sarah Harrell
who married Henry Fox (1768-1852).

           For some time it has been thought that Sarah Harrell who
married Henry Fox was probably a daughter of William Harrell, who was
shown in the 1790 census for Richland County, S.C., as "William Harold".
It was further conjectured that this William Harrell was a son of John
Harrell, and that William married Unity Fox.  This supposition was based
on a record given both to Dr. Robinson and Mr. Steadman, which stated:

           "Wm. Harrell (son of Jno.) m Unity Fox N.C."

           This record was one of some 206 separate items about the Fox
family given to Mr. Joseph E. Steadman, Sr., in 1933 by Eloise Weeks
Colson (Mrs. James H. Colson), then of Gainsville, Florida.  Mrs. Colson
was a dauqhter of Anna Cornelia Fox and James S. Weeks, and was a descen-
dant of David Fox, thought to be a grandson or great-grandson of the
David Fox who married Hannah Ball.  Apparently the same 206 items were
given to Dr. J. Ben Robinson by Mrs. Mary Smith Wichter of Tulsa, Okla.,
whose cousin (likely Mrs. Colson) compiled the data.  It was thought by




Dr. Robinson that the items were part of a collection of genealogies in
the Georgia Historical Library, Savannah, Georgia, and possibly a part
of the Habersham Collection.

          A brief search was made at the Georgia Historical Library in
Savannah by Shirley Faucette in July 1970, but at that time the library
was in the process of being moved, and t-he impression was received that
there were unpublished collections which could be searched at another
time which were not available then.  Volumes I, II, and III of the
Joseph Habersham Collection and several supplemental volumes published
by the Georgia D.A.R.'s are contained in the Mississippi Department of
Archives and History Library, but a search of these volumes has not
revealed the above records.  Therefore, it is assumed that these items
are either in the unpublished collections or from another sources, which
to date has not been identified.

          However, published data has recently been found which states
that John Harrell married Unity Fox, and had a son William.

Burch, Harrell, and Allied Families, by Marilu Burch Smallwood and
North Carolina Historical and Genealogical Register, by J. R. B. Hathaway:

          The following information is quoted from various sources by Mrs.
Marilu Burch Smallwood on Page 132 of "Burch, Harrell, and Allied Families,
Volume 1:

    "In Page 127 of 'Happy Heritage' by Cannon, Lewis Harrell is
    mentioned in the first census of the U S (1790) as being the
    head of a family living in Georgetown District, Prince Fred-
    ricks Parish South Carolina....  Happy Heritage claims Lewis to
    have been son of John, but gives no proof, no will, or anything...."

She refers to a will of a Lewis Harrell, naming a son Jacob, and states:

    "John may have had a son Lewis, but not Lewis of the following will....
    Perhaps John Harrell of the following record is the John Harrell
    mentioned in 'Happy Heritage' as the father of Lewis."

Mrs. Smallwood continues on Page 133, quoting from J. R. B. Hathaway's
"North Carolina Historical and Genealogical Register", Volume 2, Page 157,
published in 1901:

    "William Harrell married Mary Harrell (lst cousins) children
    of William and John Harrell, they had a brother Hardy.  An
    ancestors of theirs was Hardy Harrell called grandsire-Harrell.
    They were from Eastern North Carolina but a branch of the
    family went to South Carolina.  They were connected with Mrs.
    Washington's family, supposed to be through the Foxes.  William
    and Mary had one child Agnes who married Jno. Lackland McIntosh
    of McIntosh County, Georgia.  2nd married George Augustus Smith
    reputed to be the grandson of the Earl of Stanhope, his mother
    was Martha Sweeting (both of London)...."



DAR Records:

          Lineage books published by the National Society of the D.A.R.
 contain records of the following members who joined on the service
 record of JOHN HARRELL, whose wife is given as Unity Fox:

    Miss Annie Hornady, born Americus, Georgia, No. 32401
    Miss Laura Nina Hornady, sister of the above, No. 32402
    Mrs. Flora Smith Chapman, born Macon, Georgia, wife of
       Carleton Burke Chapman, No. 34077
    Mrs. Annie Smith Lambdin, born Jacksonville, Georgia,
       wife of William Wallace Lambdin, No. 71726
    Mrs. Vassye Harrell Peacock, born Palmetto, Georgia,
       wife of Levi Milton Peacock, Jr., No. 101147
    Mrs. Agnes Smith Renfroe Roberts, born Richland, Florida,
       wife of G. P. Roberts, No. 101155
    Mrs. Jeanne Lambdin Groves, born Barnesville, Georgia,
       wife of Edward Welsh Groves, No. 525896

          In summary, data from the above applications show the following
information on the Harrell family:

    John Harrell (1746-1799) enlisted 1776 as private in Captain
       John Brown's Company, Col. Francis Nash's regiment of
       North Carolina Militia.  He was born and died in North
       Carolina.  Married Unity Fox.  [The application of Mrs.
       Groves also gives:  "5th North Carolina Regiment, Conti-
       nental Line, commanded by Colonel Francis Work.  Term of
       enlistment 2-1/2 years, which expired on October 6, 1778.
       He was discharged.  See State Records of North Carolina,
       Vol. XVI, page 1072; also see National No. 34202.
       Private, North Carolina Continental Line.]

       Son:  William Harrell (b. 1769)
             m.  Mary (Harrell) (his cousin) b. 1769

             Mrs. Groves states:  "My great-great-grandfather
             was William Harrell who married his first cousin,
             Mary Harrell.  They were both born in the family
             homestead at Lynch's Creek, North Carolina in 1769.
             They were married in 1787."  She states both died
             on or about 1790.]

             Children:

             (l)  Jethro B. Harrell (1789-1883)
                  m. 1st, Nacy Phillips (1795-1861)
                     Son:  Francis Marion Harrell (1822-1886)

             (2)  Agnes Harrell (b. 1790) [Mrs. Groves shows:
                  "born on 1790 at Lynch's Creek North Carolina
                  died at Macon, Georgia on 12-28-1868", Macon, Georgia."]

                  m. 1st, 1810, Darien, Ga., to Lachland McIntosh
                  m. 2nd, 4-26-1820 to George Augustus Smith (2nd wife)




         All of the above D.A.R. records, except the record of Mrs.
Groves (daughter of Mrs. Lambdin) which was secured from D.A.R. Head-
quarters as a current member, were listed in volumes of members who
joined during a period up to the 1920's, and it has not been possible to
date to locate them or any other descendants.

         Mrs. Groves was contacted during June 1972 by Shirley Faucette,
but so far she has not been able to furnish additional information.
During August she suggested that the widow of her cousin, James Alexander
Austin, of Mandarin, Florida, be contacted.  Information from his record
is given below.

"The Southern Genealogist's Exchange Quarterly", Vol. VIII, Winter 1967:

         Mr. Joseph E. Steadman furnished the following information in
his letter of July 18, 1972.  He found that the above publication carried
on pages 9-11 the printed record of the Henry J. Smith (Appling County,
Georgia) family Bible, owned in 1967 by James Alexander Austin of Mandarin,
Florida.  Mr. Austin was a grandson of the original owner and a son of
Virginia (Jennie) Smith Austin.  [In a telephone conversation with Mrs.
Austin on August 11, 1972, she stated that Mr. Austin had died about five
years ago, but that she still has his records and may be able to find
other Harrell data.]

         This record included 11 entries for marriages, 27 entries
for births, and 14 entries for deaths.  Mr. Steadman says:

      "The first entry in the published record, under Marr€ages, shows -
         George A. Smith and Agness [Harrell] McIntosh married in
         McIntosh County Feb. 15th, 1820.

      "The first two entries in the published record, under Births, show -
         George A. Smith born at London, England, Feb. 22d, 1788.
         Agness Harrell born in South Carolina July 27th, 1790.

         Mr. Steadman's analysis of this was as follows:

      "In view of the Bible entry which shows that Agnes (Harrell)
      McIntosh-Smith was born in South Carolina, I am convinced that
      her father was the William Harold (Harrell) listed in the 1790
      census for Richland County, S.C.  Furthermore, I now definitely
      believe that the said William was a brother of the Sarah Harrell
      who married your Henry Fox...."

          It is hoped that Mrs. Austin may find further information among
her husband's papers concerning the make-up of the families of William and
Mary Harrell.

                        * * *


          A "William Harold" (Harrell?) and Henry Fox are listed as
neighbors in the 1790 census for Richland County, S.C. (not completed
until 1792), and William Harold's family included in addition to himself,







                                                                       -

_

                                                                          6a







a young male (possibly Jethro B., b. 1789), and two females (possibly wife
Mary, b. 1769, and daughter Agnes, b. 1790) which would agree with the
data contained in the DAR Lineage Books.

          Whereas Mrs. Grove's D.A.R. application indicates that William
and Mary Harrell both died in 1790 and their daughter was born in that
same year at Lynch's Creek, North Carolina, Mr. Austin's Bible record
shows that their daughter Agness was born July 27, 1790, in South Carolina.

          The location of "Lynch's Creek" is now being investigated and
county records in the areas searched.  The only creek of that name so far
found listed in North Carolina is in the present Franklin County, entering
Tar River slightly north of the county line.  This area was also known as
Bute County from 1764 to 1779, and many Bute County records are now in
Warren County, North Carolina, records.

          If, however, Mr. Austin's records are correct in stating that
Agness Harrell was born in South Carolina, and the family plantation in
1790 was located on Lynch's Creek in that state, it quite likely was that
Lynch's Creek located not far from the home of Henry Fox in Richland
County.  And it is also likely that this William Harrell may have been
that William Harold listed in Henry Fox's neighborhood in the 1790 Richland
County, South Carolina, census, as pointed out by Mr. Steadman.

          In such a case, Sarah Harrell, wife (and cousin) of Henry Fox,
may have been a sister of William and a daughter of John and Unity Fox
Harrell.  In any event, she was doubtless closely related to that family.
A previous search of Richland County records has revealed no other Harrell
information in available sources.  There is no information known at this
time on where the two children, Agness Harrell and Jethro B. Harrell, who
were both under two years of age in 1790, lived following the death of
their parents, given as occurring in 1790.

                        * * *


         These sources all indicate that Unity Fox was the wife of John
Harrell except the item given in 1933 by Mrs. Colson, referred to pre-
viously, which stated:

         "Wm. Harrell (son of Jno.) m Unity Fox N.C."

          It is possible that this research item may have been erroneously
misinterpreted by the copier, and rather than being given as above, perhaps
should have, instead, been punctuated as follows:

          "Wm. Harrell (son of Jno. m Unity Fox N.C.)"

The researcher may have misinterpreted a statement similar to the following
quote from one of the above-mentioned Georgia DAR records:

        "My great-great-great-grandfather, John Harrell, father of
         William Harrell married Unity Fox (records lost)  He was born
         at North Carolina in 1746."  [Underlining by Shirley Faucette]

                                                                         6b



         On the other hand, Mr. Steadman calls attention to the quotation
on page 157 of Volume 2 of Hathaway's North Carolina Historical and Genea-
logical Register:

     "William Harrell married Mary Harrell (lst cousins) children of
     William and John Harrell, they had a brother Hardy."

         In his letter of July 18, 1972, Mr. Steadman advances the follow-
ing possible theory:

     "William Harrell maried Mary Harrell (lst cousins) children
     (RESPECTIVELY -- my interpretation) of William and John Harrell".

     "If my interpretation is correct, this means that William Harrell
     was the son of William Harrell, Sr., and Mary Harrell was the
     daughter of John Harrell.  Mrs. Colson's data (probably based on
     information given in Hathaway recites that: 'William Harrell (son
     of John) md. Unity Fox (N.C.)'.  This, together with the foregoing,
     indicates that William Harrell, Sr. (father of William, Jr.) was a
     brother of John Harrell, Jr. (father of Mary) and that these
     brothers were the sons of one John Harrell, Sr."

                        * * *


         In a letter dated August 27, 1970, Dr. Robinson enclosed the
following comments:

   "Many people of the name Harrell lived in North Carolina in
   Pasquemans, Chowan, Bertie and Northampton counties which were
   situated immediately across the state line from Brunswick, Green-
   ville and Southampton counties, Virginia, wherein William Fox and
   the Avents resided.  The records show that Col. Thomas Avent owned
   property in all these Virginia counties and in Northampton County,
   North Carolina, and that his children and the children of William
   Fox settled in the latter county.

   "Mary Claiborne Fox, daughter of William Fox, married a Johnson
   and lived in Northampton county, N.C.  It is claimed by some
   descendants that she married Benjamin Johnsoh; by other descen-
   dants that she married Thomas Johnson.  In either case she probably
   married a son of Thomas Johnson whose name is mentioned in the will
   of Col. Thomas Avent (signed September 25, 1756):  'I give to my
   son William Avent...the plantation whereon Thomas Johnson lately
   dwelt situated in the county of Northampton and province of North
   Carolina.'

   "It is reasonable to conclude that Noona (Unity?) Fox, the probable
   youngest child of William and Sarah Avent Fox had through her family
   associations made friends among the people of Northampton county
   including the Harrell family, and that it was doubtless she who married
   William [John?] Harrell and had a daughter Sarah Harrell who married
   into the Col. Henry Fox family of South Carolina.  Proof that a William
   Harrell married a Unity Fox is found among a collection of "Virginia

                                                             6c


   Genealogies' now in the Georgia Historical Society, Savannah:
   'William Harrell (son of Jno.) m. Unity Fox N. C.'  The marriage
   took place in North Carolina, probably about the year 1770."
   [Note by Shirley Faucette:  This is the same information previously
   discussed on Page 2 and elsewhere in this section.]

          In commenting further concerning "Noona", Dr. Robinson made the
 following observations after studying a copy of material given to Shirley
 Faucette in July 1970 by Mrs. Josephine Cortner Zeitler Hill of Moores-
 ville, Alabama.  Mrs. Hill (then Zeitler) had copied, by hand, into a
 small notebook a history of the John Fox (son of William Fox of Brunswick
 County) family and its Love descendants, which had been written by the
 late Mrs. Sarah Elizabeth Love Peck, in 1894.  Mrs. Hill obtained this
 material from Mrs. Peck's family during the 1930's.  Dr. Robinson commented:

          "Mrs. Zeitler's material is important in that it contains
   much information about the family of John Fox son of William Fox
   of Brunswick County.  A fault is that Mrs. Peck failed to include
   any facts about births, marriages and deaths - an important
   element in genealogical notes.

          "An interesting item included in her notes concerns four
   of William Fox's eight children:

             'lst, Nuna married Jesse Mitchell
             '2nd, William married Patty Reeves
             '3rd, John married Celia Bonner
             '4th, Sarah married Mr. Robinson'

          "It was not Sarah Fox but Lucy Fox who married Mr. Robinson.
   Might Mrs. Peck not have made a mistake also in claiming that
   Noona Fox married Jesse Mitchell?  And may it not have been Sarah
   Fox, about whom we have found nothing, who married Jesse Mitchell?"

                        * * *

         Abstracts of North Carolina wills by Grimes and Olds, as well as
an entire chapter, Pages 183-206, of Mrs. Smallwood's "Some Colonial and
Revolutionary Families of North Carolina", Volume 2, list many Harrells in
Bertie and other North Carolina counties.  Colonial Bertie County was
later divided into several of the present North Carolina counties.

         The John Harrells and William Harrells are almost as numerous
as the John, William, and Henry Foxes!  None of the Harrells listed has
yet been identified as the husband of Unity Fox.  It is possible that he
is among some of the younger sons listed without mention of a wife.  No
will or other document has been located which names a combination of
brothers John and William with a close relative named "Hardy Harrell" except
in possibly some cases where it is known that the wife was not Unity Fox.
Two or more different men named "Israel Hardy Harrell" are listed, and the
name "Hardy Harrell" appears in later Georgia records.



Exhibit 1                                                    7



     *CHILDREN OF WILLIAM FOX OF BRUNSWICK COUNTY, VIRGINIA


William Fox, b. 1710; d. 1763
Will dated December 22,1763; recorded January 23, 1764
m. 1734, Sarah Avent, b. ca. 1716; d. after August 10, 1779

Children:

1.  Elizabeth (Betty) Fox, b. ca. 1735, d. after 1775
   m. John Rives, b. 1730; d. 1775. No issue.

2.  Lucy Fox, b. ca. 1737, d. before 1801.
   m. William Robinson, b. 1730, d. 1801.
   Children:  Sarah, Rebecca, John, Mary, Daniel, David,
   William, Winifred and Lucy.

3. William Fox, b. 1739; d. November 7, 1798.
   m. Martha Patsy Rives.
   Children:  Winifred, Robert, William, Rebecca, Nancy and
   Uriah Irvine.

4.  John Fox, b. about 1 742, d . 1 795
   m. Celia Bonner
   Children:  Sally, Isaac, Benjamin, John and Margaret Bonner (Peggy).

5.  Mary Claiborne Fox, b. ca. 1745; d.   ?
   m. Benjamin (Thomas?) Johnson
   Children:  Benjamin.

6.  Sarah Fox, b. ca. 1747. No information

7.  Thomas Avent Fox, ca. 1750; d. 1815
   m. (l) Mildred, surname unknown
   Children:  Lavina, James, William, John A., Rebecca, Mildred
   and Thomas.
   m. (2) Mrs. Lavina Smith.  No issue.

8.  Noona (Unity?) Fox, b. ca. 1752.
   m. (probably) ca. 1770, William Harrell.  Had a daughter Sarah Harrell,
   b. 7/30/1772, d. 1848, m. Henry Fox, a grandson of Col. Henry Fox
   of South Carolina.


*Except in the case of William Fox, Jr., all years of birth are conjectures.
Names of children are arranged in probable order of birth, as indicated by
facts known concerning them.  Both estimates are believed to be approximately
corr 

[The above list was prepared by Dr. J. Ben Robinson, Baltimore, Maryland.]







- c                                                                               -

Exhibit 2                                                                 8



             ABSTRACT OF WILL OF WILLIAM FOX


Brunswick County, Virginia, Will Book 4, Page 388.  Dated 12-22-1763.
(Wife Sarah Avent Fox, daughter of Col. Thomas Avent)


I give and bequeath my daughter Betty...one negro girl named...and
one named Abby to her and her heirs forever....

I give and bequeath unto my daughter Lucy Robinson one negro boy
named Tommy to her and her heirs forever....

Also I give and bequeath to my son William Fox the land beginning....

I give unto my son Thomas Avent Fox the land that I hold on the lower
side...to him and his heirs forever...

The plantation I live on I give and bequeath to my son John Fox to
him and his heirs forever....

I give and bequeath to my son William Fox one negro girl named Jane,
one negro girl named Nora (?) negro boy named Frank, cattle belonging
to the south side of the creek one horse named Randolph, one feather bed
and furniture to him and his heirs forever and the hogs up in the....

I give and bequeath to my daughter Mary Johnson one negro boy named
Robin to her and her heirs forever....

Also, I give and bequeath to my son John Fox one negro girl named Amy
one negro named Lucy and one negro boy named Charles to him and his heirs
forever....

I give and bequeath to daughter Sarah Fox one negro boy named Nat (?)
to her and her heirs forever....

I give and bequeath to my daughter Noona Fox the negro boy named Daniel
to her and her heirs forever....

Also I give and bequeath to my son Thomas Avent Fox one negro boy named
Tom and one named Jacob one girl Beck (?) to him and his heirs forever....

I give and bequeath to my son William Fox one negro boy named Dick to
him and his heirs forever....

I give to my daughter Lucy Robinson 20 shillings cash....

Also to my beloved wife Sarah Fox one negro named Great Jimmy and Little
Jimmy and Dinah and all the household goods and stock...my widow after
her...I give and bequeath to my son William Fox Great Jimmy and Dinah to
him and his heirs forever, after her decease....





Will of William Fox of Brunswick Co., Va. (continued)


Also, I give and bequeath to my son John Fox...negro named Little Jimmy
to him and his heirs forever....

I...all my household goods and stock to be sold and divided amongst my
children except William Fox....

And I do likewise constitute and make and ordain Thomas Vinson (?) of
Brunswick Co., and my wife Sarah Fox my only and sole executors of this
my last will and testament....  Signed sealed...by the said William Fox,
his last will and testament in the presence of....


                                            William Fox (seal)


At court held 23rd January 1764, executors were bonded.

Inventory filed Will Book 4, Page 392 and 393.












[The above extract of this document was taken from a copy furnished
to Shirley Faucette by Jasper R. Hendrick, a descendant of Richard Fox.]











                           SECTION II


COLONEL HENRY FOX OF CHARLESTON AND RICHLAND COUNTY, S.C.       Page 10
    (b. ca. 1698-1702; d. ca. 1770;
   m-l: Mary (Goodwyn?); m-2: Mrs. Martha Keen)


   Exhibit 1 Excerpts from Deed by Henry Fox.                   Page 11
               Brunswick County, Virginia, 1735

   Exhibit 2 South Carolina Land Grants to Henry Fox            Page 12

   Exhibit 3 Excerpts from Register Book for Prince             Page 16
               Frederick Parish, Winyah, S.C.

   Exhibit 4 Will of Martin Keane                               Page 17

   Exhibit 5 Excerpt from South Carolina Historical             Page 19
               and Genealogical Magazine, Vol. 1,
               pp. 151-152



                                                             1 0





                                     COLONEL HENRY FOX
          OF CHARLESTON AND RICHLAND COUNTY, SOUTH CAROLINA


          No biographical sketch of Colonel Henry Fox is included
in this section due to the comprehensive material presented by Mr.
Joseph E. Steadman, Sr., beginning on Page 43, Part II, Chapter 4,
of his Ancestry of the Fox Family of Richland and Lexington Counties,
South Carolina.

          Various publications in which Col. Henry Fox is mentioned
that are of special interest are:


Rambles in the Pee Dee Basin, by H. T. Cook.  Pages 63-64.

     "Col. Henry Fox was an eminent lawyer in Charles Town..."

     "Opposite these three land grabbers [Col. Thomas Hume, Col.
     Fox, and Thomas Groom were..."


The Expansion of South Carolina, by R. L. Meriwether.

     Page 100:
     "...sending of Colonel Henry Fox as agent to bring them
     [Catawba Indians] to terms...."

     Page 102:
     "...near the mouth of Colonels Creek, Colonel Henry Fox
     established himself and apparently gave his title to the
     creek.  He had lived in South Carolina four years before
     his mission of 1737 to the Catawbas, and perhaps about
     this time made his home on the Wateree...."

     Page 107:
     "Fox...petitioned for a warrant to the land Cof "the poor
     and illiterate Charles Lindsay"] piously declaring that
     his chief purpose was to remove as a neighbor one whose
     principles were 'Enfattuated by the Common Enemy to man-
     kind'....  But Lindsay vigorously denied all charges of
     actual wrongdoing, and, whatever influence the common
     enemy had over him, kept his land...."


The Catawba Indians - The People of the River, by Douglas Summers Brown.

     Page 165:
     "...Col. Henry Fox, an officer in the Rangers on 'the northern
     frontiers' was given instructions to proceed to the Catawba
     Nation with 'the utmost Expedition..."'

Exhibit 1                                                                11



                                 EXCERPT FROM

             BRUNSWICK COUNTY, VIRGINIA, WILL AND DEED BOOK NO. 1

                                   Page 159


March 18, 1735.  Henry Fox of the provence of North Carolina of the one
part and John Davis of the county of Brunswick in Virginia of the
other part....two certain tracts or parcels of land...being in the
county of Brunswick CVirginia]...containing by estimation 555 acres and
bound as followeth:  Beginning at a black walnut on the south bank of
Meherrin River, then southwest 75 poles to a Red Oak, thence south
southwest 52 poles to a Red Oak, thence south 40 degrees east southeast
142 poles to a hickory near a branch side, thence east southeast 139
poles to a hickory saplin a (?) of John Walls line north east by east
50 poles to a Red Oak by the said Meherrin River aforesaid, thence up
the (?) River to beginning, including 190 acres of the above 555 acres
of land, and the remainder bounded as follows beginning at a hickory
a corner (?) of John Wall's, thence south 5 degrees west 208 poles to
a pine (?) in the head of a slough, thence west 190 poles to a shrub
Oak, thence 33 south 33 degrees west 36 1/2 poles to a white oak near
a branch, thence north 70 degrees west 28 poles to a pine in a slough,
thence north 21 degrees west 90 poles to a pine at Rodeth Christiana
fort, thence north 22 degrees east 167 poles to a red oak at
John Carrell's line, thence along the (?) Carrill's line south 80
degrees east 48 poles to a pine, thence north 70 degrees east 72 poles
to a shrub oak to (?) John Wall's at Ledbetter's path, thence along
Wall's 55 degrees east 126 poles, thence south 85 degrees east 60
poles to the beginning including 365 acres being the remainder part
of the above mentioned two tracts, which contain the quantity of 555
acres of land aforesaid....





   he above extract of this document was taken from a copy furnished
    to Shirley Faucette by Jasper R. Hendrick, a descendant of Richard
    Fox.]

                                                             1 2


                    LAND GRANTS FOR HENRY FOX


COLONIAL PLATS, Volume 2, Part 2, Page 276 - Henry Fox, 650 acres (1736)



                                                 



   e   




                                                    




o co                                                   









                                                ;










 South Carolina.

 By virtue of a precept bearing date the sixteenth day of January 1735,
 to me directed by James St. John, Esq. His Majestys Sur: Genl of this
 province, I have admeasured and laid out unto Henry Fox a plantation or
 tract of land containing six hundred and fifty acres, situate and being
 in Craven County and Parish of Prince George, Winyaw:  Butting and
 bounding to the N.E.rd on Mr Humes land, to the S.E.rd on ThoS Groom's
 land, to the SWr on vacant land:  And hath such forms shapes buttings
 and boundings as are exprefsed in the above delineated plat.  Certified
 Septr The twenty first day, in the year of our Lord 1736 pr me
 George Pawley, D.S.


[The above was copied by Emma Shirley Fox Faucette from the Colonial Plat
 Book, South Carolina Department of Archives and History, Columbia, S.C.]



                                                             1 3


                    LAND GRANTS FOR HENRY FOX


COLONIAL PLATS, Volume 5, Part 2, Page 452 - Col. Henry Fox, 200 Acres (1754)


South Carolina

Pursuant to a Precept from - George Hunter Esqr His Majesty's Surveyor
General, Dated the Second day of January Anno. Dom. 1754, I have made
and Certified the Above Plat of Two Hundred Acres of Land for Coll Henry
Fox which said Land I admeasured and laid out unto John Gray on the
Sixth of June 1749, (but was not purchased) is Situated in Craven County,
on the South Side of Wateree River.   Bounding North Eastwardly on the
Said River, Northwestwardly on Land laid out for John Gendron Esqr and
on other sides on Vacant Land; And hath such Shapes, Form and Marked
Trees as appears by the Above Delineated Plat.

          Certified February the 10th 1754.  Jno Liviston Dep. Surr















              ;20 














[The above was copied by Emma Shirley Fox Faucette from the Colonial Plat
Book, South Carolina Department of Archives and History, Columbia, S.C.]

                                                              1 4



                     LAND GRANTS FOR HENRY FOX


 BOOK OF MEMORIALS, Volume 7, Page 272 - Henry Fox, 700 acres (1760)


 South Carolina

 A Memorial exhibited by Henry Fox to be registered in the office of
 his Majesty's Auditor General, pursuant to the acts of afsembly in
 that care made and provided:-

 of a plantation or tract of land containing seven hundred acres,
 situate lying and being in Berkley County.  Butting and bounding on
 all sides by vacant land:  Granted by his Majesty King George the
 Second on the 3d day of Sept one thousand Seven Hundred and fifty-
 four, unto Richard Singleton, at the quit-rent of 3/ sterling or 4/
 Procl money [Proclamation money] p 100 acres:  who, by a certain
 instrument of writing, bearing date the third day of May one
 thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, sold and conveyed the same
 to this Memorialist.  In witnefs whereof he hath hereunto set his
 hand this Eleventh day of January one thousand seven hundred and
 sixty.






















[The above was copied by Emma Shirley Fox Faucette from the Book of
 Memorials, South Carolina Department of Archives and History, Columbia, S.C.]



_




                                                                         1 5
                                 LAND GRANTS FOR HENRY FOX
             COLONIAL PLAT BOOK, Volume 7, Page 445 - Henry Fox, 100 acres (1764)





                                                r
                     a' h



                                            4 g3















             South Carolina

             Ptrhsuant to a precept directed by Jno: Troup Esq. DSG. dated the
             4   of Decr 1704, I have surveyed and laid out unto Henry Fox a
             tract of land containing one hundred acres, situate lying and being
             in the fork of Santee and Wateree Rivers, and a branch called Second
             Creek:  Butting and bounding to the S.E.rd by land surveyed for John
             Griffin, and the other sides by vacant land:  And hath such shape
             and marks as the plat above doth represent.  Certified 11th of Septr
             1764.  John Hamelton, D.S.


            [The above was copied by Emma Shirley Fox Faucette from the Colonial Plat
             Rnn Cnllth rnlina DePartment of Archives and History, Columbia, S.C.]

I

Exhibit 3                                                                 16


                         EXCERPTS FROM
      REGISTER BOOK OF PRINCE FREDERICK PARISH, WINYAH
                         SOUTH CAROLINA


Marryed by the Revnd Mr John Fordyce in
   Prince Frederick Parish as Followeth


(Page 51)   Fox Henry and Martha Keen Widow  Marryd August 20th 1738
(Page 51)   Keen John and Elizabeth Pelleo Maryd July 2d 1738



                         * * *




Register of Sundry Persons Baptized by the Reverend Mr. Morrit


(Page 9)    Keen, Andrew, on of John Keen and of Elibeth his Wife
            Born October 2  1739  Baptized October 28   1739
            [Index says "Elizabeth (Pelleo) Mrs."]

(Page 12)   Fox, Temperance, Dahter of Henry Fox and ofl Martha his
            Wife  Born March 19   1741  Baptised June 17 h 1742

(Page 19)   Elizabeth Keen  Dauhter of Thomas Keen and Mary h Wife
            Born November the 8   1742  Baptized October the 6   1744

(Page 17)   George Fox  Son of Suel Fox & Willoby his Wife
            born February the 24   1741  Baptized November 27th 1743






[Copied from book in the South Carolina Department of Archives and
Histnrv_ r.nllmhi nllth Carolina. bv Shirlev Faueette.]

Exhibit 4                                                                 17





                          WILL OF MARTIN KEANE


(Will not dated; proved October 24, 1738; recorded December 3, 1739;
Charleston, South Carolina.  Recorded in Will Book 1736-40, page 462.)


CAROLINA FS

          IN THE NAME OF GOD AMEN I Martin Keane of English Santee in
the Province aforesaid Indian Trader being Sick and Weak in Body but
of perfect & Sound Memory Do Make & Ordain my Last Will and Testament
in Manner following I Will that my Body be Buried in a Christian like
decent Manner at the Discretion of my Exors# hereafter Named, and as for
What Estate I am pofsefsed of I dispose of in Manner following Vizt
Imprimis I Will that all my Just Debts and Funeral Charges be paid and
discharged afsoon as Pofsible may be and the Remaining part of my Estate
both Real and Personal in this Province in the Creek Nation or Elsewhere
I will that it be Equally Divided and that One half of it be for my
Loveing Wife Martha Keane which Half I Give unto her my said Wife Martha
and to her heirs and Afsigns for Ever As to the other Half I Will that
it be Sold to the Best advantage and Turn'd into Money, that the said
Money be Let Out at Interest upon Bond with Sufficient Security (Such as
Shall be approved of by my Exors# for the use of my Daughter Martha
Keane until She shall Marry or Arrive at the Age of Sixteen Years and
until then the said Interest be called in Yearly and paid her my said
Daughter or her Guardians Towards her Maintainence which other half of
my said Estate I Give and Bequeath in Manner aforesaid unto my said
Daughter and unto her heirs & Afsigns for Ever I Do Nominate and appoint
my said Wife Martha A joint Executrix and Mr John Cragg and Kennedy
O Brien joint Executors with her my said Wife of this my Last Will and
Testament and I do Revoke and annul all other Wills by me heretofore
Made allowing this Only to be my Last Will and Testament


                                              Martin Keane (Seal)

Signed Sealed pronounced published
and Declared in the prefence of Us (the
Words (For Ever) are Interlined twixt
the 14th and 15th Lines) by the Testator
at whose Request We Sign Our Names as Witnefses
hereuntO      Daniel Clark

              Lewis Bynon
              John Wilson

              By the Honble William Bull Esqr presedent and Commander in
Chief in and over his Majesty's province of South Carolina --

              To Daniel Pepper & Thomas Smith Esqr5 or either of them I
Reposing Especial Trust and Confidence in the Integrity care and Circum-
spection of you the said Daniel Pepper & Thomas Smith have by these


                                                                       l

                                                                          18



presents do give unto you full power and authority to Examine the Several
Witnefses to the Last Will and Testament of Martin Keane late of this
Province Indian Trader deceased as shall be brought before you upon their
Several Corporal Oaths on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God touching
the Due Execution of the said Will according to the form of the Statute
in that Case made and provided and also you are to Return your Doings
herein under your hand and Seal for my approbation nd allowance and you
are also to administer the Usual Oath the the Execr  therein Named

                                Given under my hand and Seal this
                                Seventh Day of December Anno Domini 1738

                                        Wm Bull

The Execr Oath

You Swear that you Believe this Instrument of Writing to be the Last Will
and Testament of Martin Keane deceased and that you will well and truly
to administer his goods rights and Credits which appertained and belonged
to him at the time of his Death and that you will pay all and Singular
his Debts and Legacy's as far as his Estate will Extend & the Law Shall
bind You and that you will make a True and perfect Invetory of his Goods
Rights and Credits and return the Same into the Secry's  Office of this
Province according to the time prescribed by Law & in all things behave
your self as an Executor Ought to do

                         So help you God

South Carolina FS

          Personally appeared before me Daniel Pepper Esqr One of his
Majesty's Justices Afsigned to keep the peace for New Windsor & parts
adjacent, Lewis Bynon who made Oath on the holy Evangelist of Almighty
God that he saw Martin Keane deced Sign Seal publish and Declare the
Instrument of Writing hereunto affixed to be his Last Will & Testament
and that at the Same time he did Sign his Name as and Evidence thereto
and did likewise at the Same time see Daniel Clark & John Wilson Signrs
their Names to it as Evidences also and Kennedy OBrien One of the Exc
Mentioned in the said Will hath this Day taken the Oath of an Excr
before all which I Certifye at New Windsor this 24th Day October 1738

                                              Danll Pepper  ##

Recorded this third day of December 1739



Recorded in Will Book 1736-40, page 462


[This was copied from a copy furnished by the Clerk of Probate Court,
Charleston, S.C., designated as "a WPA recording", Vol. IV, Page 243.]

*rsicl

 Exhibit 5                                                                 19



                                   EXCERPT FROM
                SOUTH CAROLINA HISTORICAL AND GENEALOGICAL MAGAZINE

                             Volume 1 - Pages 151-152


                              A CHEROKEE WAR DOCUMENT

    "[The following interesting document pertaining to the Cherokee
    war in South Carolina in 1760-61, was recently sent by Mr. A.
    Landfear Norrie, of New York, through Mr. Pembroke Jones, of the
    same city, to Mr. W. D. Porcher, of Charleston, to be by him
    transmitted to Governor McSweeney for the use and benefit of
    students of the history of this State.  Governor McSweeney pre-
    sented it to this Society.]


"George R

           Whereas it appears by the annexed Report of the Comptrollers
of the Accounts of Our Army that the sum of Four thousand five hundred
seventy three pounds ten shillings and four pence is due unto the late
Sir James Colebrook Baronet Arnold Nesbitt Esqr Sir George Colebrooke
Baronet and Moses Franks Esqr for victualling Our Forces within the
Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia with all Species of Provisions
between the 1st day of January 1761 and the 25th day of March following
both daies included Our Will and Pleasure is And We do hereby direct
authorise and command that out of any Monies in your hands that may be
applied to this Service You do pay unto the Representatives of the said
late Sir James Colebrooke and unto the said Arnold Nesbitt Sir George
Colebrooke and Moses Franks or to their Assigns the said sum of Four
thousand five hundred seventy three pounds ten shillings and four pence
upon Account in satisfaction of the like sum due to them as aforesaid
And this shall be as well to You for making such payment as to Our Auditors
and all Others concerned in passing your Accounts for allowing the same
thereupon a sufficient Warrant Given at Our Court at Saint James's this
thirtieth day of July 1761 in the first Year of Our Reign

                                           By his Majesty's Command

                                           HOBER NEWEARTH
                                      GILB:ELLIOT BARRINGTON

To Our Right Trusty and Wellbeloved
Councillor Henry Fox Esqr Paymaster Genl.
of Our Guards Garrisons and Land Forces

    Representatives of the late Sr JaS Colebrooke et al L4573,,10,,4
for vict9 in S° Carolina & Georgia fm 1 Janry to 25 March 1761--

                           G COLEBROOKE Executor Of ye late
                                        Sir James Colebrooke
                           ARNOLD NESBITT
                           G COLEBROOKE
                           MOSES FRANKS



                                                             20




Excerpt from South Carolina Historical and Genealogical Magazine (Cont'd)


Endorsed:  Kings Warrant
          Representatives of the late Sir
          JAMES COLEBROOKE et al L4573,,10s,,4d
          for vict9 the Forces in South
          Carolina and Georgia between
          lSt Janry & 25th March 1761 both incd

                                   Entd.

Entd)   H  F. N°. 5. Fo:99
G. D)                                  Directed fol°.277







                          SECTION III



WILLIAM FOX OF RICHLAND COUNTY, SOUTH CAROLINA                  Page 21
    (b. 1736-1744; d. 1816; wife, Sarah Carroll)


    Exhibit 1 Will and Estate Papers of William Fox             Page 29

    Exhibit 2 Possible Make-up of Various Related               Page 34
                Families

    Exhibit 3 Will of George Carter and Excerpts from           Page 41
                Letter from Mrs. Russell Lewis to Miss
                Annie Gregg

    Exhibit 4 Notes Concerning Sarah Carroll                    Page 43

    Exhibit 5 Will of Charles Carroll, Charleston, S.C.,        Page 47
                and Excerpts from "South Carolina &
                American General Gazette" and "Georgia
                Gazette"

    Exhibit 6 South Carolina Land Grants to William Fox         Page 51

    Exhibit 7 RevolutionarY Service Recnrd                      Pae 53

                                                              21



              WILLIAM FOX OF RICHLAND COUNTY, SOUTH CAROLINA


          William Fox, who died in Richland County, South Carolina, in
1816, was the son of Colonel Henry Fox. A letter from Joseph E. Stead-
man, Sr., dated April 27, 1972, gives the following opinions:

    "Reading between the lines of the Fox family sketch, together
    with a modified family tradition, we learn that William Fox (son
    of Henry 3rd) was born about 1743 at his father's plantation on
    or near the Black River in the present Clarendon or Williamsburg
    County, S.C.  During the year 1746 he moved with his father to
    or near Charleston, S.C.  He was too young to have served in the
    Cherokee Indian War of 1759-1760, as did his older brothers
    (Thomas, Henry, and John).  At about 1766, while living in or
    near Charleston, he married Sarah Carroll (perhaps an orphaned
    child  who then was living with her uncle Charles Carroll, a resi-
    dent of that city.) Before or during 1769 he moved to the present
    Richland County, S.C., and settled on land granted to him on
    27 September 1769. His petition for the land was dated 4 April
    1769. One of his sons was Henry Fox, born 12 June 1768 in Rich-
    land County (if not in or near Charleston), who at about 1790
    married Sarah Harrell (b. 29 July 1772)."

           As the exact date of William's birth is not known, and there is
no record as to which of the two wives of Colonel Henry Fox (Mary Goodwyn?
and Mrs. Martha Keen) was his mother, estimates of his birth date have
varied from as early as 1730 to as late as 1744. In a letter to Mrs.
William Ross Brown, dated May 23, 1953, Mr. Steadman had stated that
William Fox was "Born 1730?, in Virginia..."; however, his letter of
October 1, 1956, to Shirley Faucette gave the following explanation:

    "The time - 1730 ? - of William's birth was estimated on the basis
    of a letter written 22 June 1917 by Mrs. Bessie Truly, in which
    she stated that 'he came from Virginia to South Carolina' and that
    he 'left Virginia and settled in South Carolina.'  Mrs. Truly fur-
    ther stated that this information was given to her by her father
    when she was a child [she was born 8-9-1878]. In view of facts
    versus tradition, it is more probable that William was born in
    South Carolina about the year 1737 (as the last child of his
    father's first wife) or in 1739 (as the first child of his father's
    second wife).  His oldest known child, Henry, was born on 12 June
    1768, and William might have been born as late as the year 1744."

          Mr. Steadman's letter of October 30, 1956, stated that it then
seemed more likely that William Fox was born about 1743. His letter of
December 20, 1958, elaborated on these conclusions:

    "William Fox (son of Colonel Henry) evidently was born at some
    time during the year 1743 or 1744, assuming that his son Henry
    (1768-1852) was the first-born child of his parents.  If such
    assumption be correct, then William was a son of his father's

                                                                         22


   second marriage (to Mrs. Martha Keen) and it is safe to state
   that he himself married in 1767 at the age of 23 or 24 years.
   The fact that he performed...strenuous military duty...in 1781
   and 1782 is strong indication that he then was a young man,
   probably in his 30's rather than in his 40's."

          Mrs. Truly, in her booklet on the Fox Family, prepared during
the 1930's or earlier, stated that William Fox "lived to be very old,
probably 80 years, and in his old age took great delight in rehearsing
to his grandsons incidents of the war...."  The information and tradi-
tions that she gives were from old family Bible records and from infor-
mation recalled by her and her half-sister, Mrs. Emma Fox Puthuff.
Mrs. Puthuff was born February 12, 1852, and Mrs. Truly was born
August 9, 1878, both being granddaughters of Thomas Fox, born May 8,
1795, in South Carolina, who was a son of William Fox's oldest son
Henry Fox, and was one of the "grandsons" to whom William Fox recounted
his experiences.  Thomas Fox was about 19 years of age  and his grand-
father was still living when Thomas left South Carolina with his family
about 1814. [See excerpts from Mrs. Truly's work, Part IV, Exhibit 6.]

          If this recollection was correct as to William's living to be
"very old, probably 80 years" at his death in 1816, this would place
his birth around 1736 or 1737, and he could have been the child of his
father's first marriage to Mary Goodwyn.

          Mrs. Eleanor Fox Ponder, in working notes for DAR membership
not completed prior to her death, gave the date of William Fox's birth
as March 19, 1737, but she cited no reference or other means of proof.
She also stated that he "Enlisted in Hillsboro District, S.C. 11th Jan.
1777 (age 40) - Co. Pointers - Service 3 years - Omtd. 1778 - Granted
640 acres of land for 84 months in Colonial Army by law of 1783." This
information is not contained in his military record on file in the
South Carolina Archives, and there is no reference to a Hillsboro Dis-
trict in South Carolina.  Attempts to locate the source of this informa-
tion have not been successful.  In reply to an inquiry from Shirley
Faucette in 1970, the General Services Administration, National Archives
and Records Service, Washington, D.C., advised that they had no pension
file, military service record, or bounty land file for William Fox of
South Carolina, and referred the writer to the South Carolina Department
of Archives.

          No definite dates regarding William Fox himself have been found
prior to the birth of his son Henry, who was born June 12, 1768.

Sarah Carroll Fox, Wife of William Fox

          It is now generally agreed that William Fox was married but
once, and that his wife was a Miss Sarah Carroll, in accordance with
traditional statements of members of the family in Mississippi.  It is
said that she may have been a cousin of her husband, William Fox, and
traditionally she was referred to as being a kinsman, possibly "a niece
and adopted daughter" or "cousin" of Charles Carroll.  This has been
assumed, perhaps erroneously, to have been Charles Carroll of Carrollton,
Maryland.  [See letter dated 1902 from Priscilla Virqinia Fox Starr, and
letter dated 1904 from Carl Fox, both in Section IV.



          Mrs. Truly included this statement in her genealogy:

          "The supposition that Sarah Carroll was daughter of Daniel
    Carroll, is incorrect, since he was born 1756.  I do not know
    name of her father, but I remember hearing my father say many
    times:  'William Fox married his Cousin Sarah Carroll, niece of
    Charles Carroll.'  May have been a cousin of Charles Carroll."


          In his letter dated October 1, 1956, Mr. Steadman stated:

          "In view of the tradition recited by the several descendants
    of Henry Fox, it appears quite probable that his mother, the wife
    of William, was a Miss Carroll whose name might or might not have
    been 'Sarah'.  However, despite tradition, it is almost a certainty
    that William married in South Carolina and not in Maryland.  The
    Carroll family of Richland County, S.C., apparently came there with
    William's father, Henry, from Brunswick County, Va.  The land
    granted to William on 4 September 1770 previously had been granted
    to Edward Carroll, and Carroll had allowed the grant to lapse."

          Mr. Steadman's letter dated December 20, 1958, gave further
opinions concerning this relationship:

          "William Fox and Charles Carroll (1737-1832) were nearly the
    same age, and if the aforementioned kinship existed it seems most
    likely that William's wife was a cousin of Charles.  The Jacob
    Carroll, Sr., who is mentioned in my letter to you under date of
    30 October 1956 was about the same age as William Fox, and these
    two served together in similar duty under the same officers for
    several months during the Revolutionary War.  It is now my strong
    belief that William's wife was a sister of this Jacob Carroll,
    Sr....


          A will dated 1752 for Charles Carroll of Charleston [see
 Exhibit 5]  names "the children of Martin Carroll by my sister Sarah of
 Droghadie, Kingdom of Ireland".  Also named in the will is his wife Esther
 and daughter, Henrietta.  An account of the marriage of Miss Henrietta
 Carroll, at Charleston, South Carolina, is shown in Exhibit 5, also.
 However, no further mention has been found of Martin Carroll, his wife
 Sarah Carroll Carroll, or the children who were not named in the will.  It
 is known that when Henry Fox "of the province of North Carolina" sold 555
 acres of land in Brunswick County, Virginia, that it adjoined land of John
 Carroll.  In this connection, and for Mr. Steadman's theory concerning a
 possible daughter of Henry Fox (2nd), possibly named Unity, marrying John
 Carroll, see Part III, Chapter 3, Page 34, of Mr. Steadman's Ancestry of
 The Fox Family, etc.



                                                                         24




          The will of Jacob Carroll, Sr., (dated April 14, 1815 and proved
June 21, 1815, Richland County, S.C., Will Book "E", p. 309) does not
name his wife, but lists the followi-ng children:  William, James, Jacob,
Joseph, John, and Unity (married Joseph Collins).

          Similarly, the will of William Carrell, dated January 21, 1835,
and proved April 6, 1835, recorded in Will Book K, Page 47, included a
daughter Unity who married        Gray.

          If this Jacob and this William were brothers of Sarah Carroll,
as seems likely, the fact that each had daughters named Unity (a frequent
name in the Fox Family) may indicate that the "cousin" relationship
between Sarah Carroll and her husband William Fox was through the Fox
line rather than through William's mother, whose identity is not proved.

          Possible Carroll relationships are outlined further in
Exhibit 4 of this section.


Discarded Theories Concerning Sarah Carroll

          Referring again to Mr. Steadman's letter dated December 20, 1958,
he states:

          "It is only through Dr. Benjamin T. Carter that the name of
    William's wife is given (doubtless without reference to his family
    records) as 'Barbara'.  This evidently is in error, since his
    ancestress (Unity Fox) married Robert Carter who was the son of
    Henry and Barbara Carter; therefore 'Barbara' was Unity's mother-
    in-law and not her mother.  Henry Carter's will (1 November 1785 -
    5 December 1785), witnessed by William Fox, names his wife Barbara
    and his children (one of whom was Robert).  Barbara Carter (widow)
    is listed as a next-door neighbor of William Fox in the 1790 census
    for Richland County, S.C."

          Much other traditional information has been written, and much
of it has later been found to be incorrect.  A letter dated December 4,
1904, (See Exhibit 3, Section IV) from Carl Fox (1876-1958) to Eleanor
Fox Ponder, stated that Sarah Carroll was a widow with twin sons before
her marriage to William Fox:

          "William's wife was a widow when he married her, with two
    sons - I think twins - named Elisha and Elijah and they were very
    wild and dissolute and spent everything their mother and William
    owned."

          Mrs. Eleanor Fox Ponder also indicated in her records that
William's wife was a widow, perhaps named McLeod, when he married her
and that she had twin sons, Elisha and Elijah.  She apparently based
this theory partly on the above information from Mr. Carl Fox, addressed
to her in 1904.



                                                                          25



          In this connection, Mr. Steadman's letter of December 20,
 1958, stated:

          "The sources which state that William's wife was a widow
    (uncertainly named 'McLeod')with two, or twin, children when he
    married her evidently are in error and have confused the matter
    with the situation as regards Henry Fox [this should be Thomas
    Fox, 1795-1876, grandson of William] who married the widow
    Brent, she then having one or two living children (had a total
    of four, two of whom were twins).  As to the name 'McLeod', this
    doubtless is a confusion arising from the fact that the twin sons
    Elijah and Elisha Fox were buried at Good Hope Methodist Church
    [should be Baptist near the present McLeod's Chapel in Richland
    County, S.C."


          It seems certain that the twins Elijah and Elisha could not
have been children of Sarah Carroll by a previous marriage, since
William and Sarah's son Henry, was born 1768, and the twins were born
in 1789.  They are named as "sons" in William Fox's will in 1808, and
were later named as Executors of the large estate which William Fox
left, being referred to as "the principal legatees".  Tombstones at
their graves, which are in the same plot with Unity Fox Carter, con-
firm the birth date of 1789.


Land Records for William Fox

          In A History of Richland County; South Carolina, by Edwin L.
Green, William Fox iS iste  as an ear y  andowner, wit  lands near
that which his father had acquired earlier.  Here it is shown that
Henry Fox, father of William Fox, was granted 100 acres on September 11,
1764, located on Second Creek and adjoining the property of John Griffin.
Grants for William Fox included 100 acres of land, April 4, 1769, which
had previously been granted to Warren Jackson on March 11, 1767, and 100
acres on September 4, 1770, which had previously been granted to Edward
Carroll on April 24, 1767   This land was situated in the southeastern
corner of Richland County, in the fork of the Wateree River and the
Congaree River.

          See Exhibit 60f this Section for sketches of land surveyed
for William Fox.  These sketches and descriptions were copied from
records on file in the South Carolina Department of Archives and History
in July 1970 by Mrs. Emma Shirley Faucette and Shirley Faucette.  Copies
were not made of all grants, memorials, etc., on record, but only of
representative plats.  Other grants listed in Green's History of Richland
County, South Carolina, describe land of other persons as adjoining the
land of Henry Fox or William Fox.  These include land for Thomas Ferguson,
Lester Andrews, Isaac Hill, Richard S(h)ingleton, and Absalom Griffin.
Land for the latter was described as adjoining Henry Fox's estate on
September 8, 1770, whereas land for Isaac Hill was described on February 4,
1770,as adjoining Henry Fox.  It is presumed that Henry Fox died on some
date between February 4 and September 8 of 1770.

                                                                         26



         Other persons whose land descriptions are in the same general
area as that of Henry Fox and William Fox, e.g., naming McCord's Ferry,
Colonel's Creek, Allison's Path, etc., included:

         Edmund Carroll, 100 acres, September 1, 1770
         Jacob Carroll, 100 acres, September 11, 1770
         Andrew Allison, 100 acres, April 5, 1763, and
                         500 acres, January 14, 1773
         John Cook, 100 acres, September 12, 1770
         Samuel Scott, January 6, 1759 and March 6, 1770
         Richard Wayne, 450 acres, December 14, 1769
         Several Goodwyn men are mentioned during the
             period 1765 to 1773 in this area.

         On May 1, 1775, William Fox of Camden District, S.C., is
recorded as transferring to Capt. John Russell 100 acres of land (part
of 250 acres) in Craven County in the fork of the Wateree and Congaree
Rivers. Mr. Steadman, in his letter dated October 1, 1956, to Shirley
Faucette, stated that the deed was signed by William Fox alone, which
could have indicated that he then had no wife, otherwise she would have
signed away her dower right; but his letter of December 20, 1958, cor-
rected this assumption by stating that "it appears that the county
clerks (perhaps following a careless custom or being indifferent) did
not record the release of dower in many instances where the husbands
sold property while their wives were still living."


Military Service in the American Revolution

                                                                                      l

         William Fox served as a soldier in the American Revolution
with his service recorded in Chapter 7, "The Revolution", of A History
of Richland County, by Edwin L. Green, as follows:

    "Fox, William. 1781, thirty days at Ancrum's under Capt. John Cook;
                   1782, 183 days at McCords Ferry under Capt. John McCord;
                         33 days at Orangeburg under Capt. Willis Whitaker,
                         Horseman."

His military record, typed by Shirley Faucette from the handwritten copy
on file in the South Carolina Department of Archives and History, Columbia,           3
South Carolina, is shown in Exhibit 7. A photostat of this record was
obtained but it was illegible, and parts of the original also could not be
read.

         An interesting traditional story of his revolutionary service is
contained in excerpts previously referred to from the account of Mrs.
Bessie Fox Truly, included in Exhibit 6 of Section IV.

         According to Joseph E. Steadman, he is also listed as "William
Fox (F. 142) horseman, cattledriver and assistant to the Quartermaster,
1781-82" in Spirit of Patriotism - Revolutionary & Ancestral Records, Sons
of the Revolution, California, p. 367.



                                                             27




Children of William Fox

          William Fox's will, dated April 13, 1808, was sworn to
June 20, 1816, filed July 1, 1816, and recorded in Will Book G, pp. 3
and 4, of Richland County, South Carolina, records.  See Exhibit 1,
Page 29,  for a copy of this will.  Also included is a document in
which Henry Fox, son of William Fox, and Robert Carter, son-in-law
of William, renounce their executorship of William's will to his other
sons, Elisha and Elijah Fox.

          In his will, William Fox names his children in the following
order.  The birth dates, where known, are given below:

   Henry Fox                    Born June  12,  1768   Died Jan 18, 1852
   Ann (Scott)                  -                      Died prior to April 1808*
   Unity (Carter)               Born Oct.  28,  1781   Died Jan. 16, 1870
   Mary (Powell)                                       Died after April 1808*
   El izabeth (Kill ingsworth)                         Died prior to April 1808*
   El i jah                     Born  May 1 6,  1 789  Di ed Apri 1 23, 1 863
   Elisha                       Born  May 16,   1789   Died Feb. 6, 1862

                                                       *date of the will

          The 1790 census for "Camden District, Richland County, S.C.",
lists William Fox as head of a household consisting of one male over 16,
three males under 16, and 2 females.  Since Henry Fox, his oldest known
son, is listed separately, it is presumed that at the time of the 1790
census William had three sons living at home, one of whom is apparently
not named in William's will made in April 1808, and presumably died
prior to that time.  [See Mr. Steadman's explanation on page 57 of his
book, concerning the South Carolina 1790 census not being completed until
February 1792. ]

          The 1810 census for Richland County, shows that William Fox then
had one male 45 and up (presumably himself) and one male 16 to 26 then
living at home.  No females were listed.  Eight slaves were listed, making
a total of ten persons in his household.

          Mr. Steadman, in his letter to Shirley Faucette dated December 20,
1 958, stated :

          "We have only the 1790 and 1810 census records [1800 census
    lost or destroyed and the will of William Fox as sources of infor-
    mation concerning the number of his children.  The will might or
    might not name the children in order according to age; however, it
    doubtless is the case that several other children were born and
    died in infancy or childhood, before their father's will was made
    on 13 April 1808, and these other children should be identified
    with the presumed missing birth dates between the years 1768 and
    1 789 . "



_



                                                                                     28



                      If the daughters were listed in William's will in order of
            age, three daughters (including Unity Fox Carter, whose birth date in
            1781 is known) would have been under nine or ten years of age at the
            time of the 1790 census.  All presumably would have been living at
            home, as well as their mother, if she were still living, making a
            otal of four females.  However, only two females are listed in that
            census, one presumably being Unity Fox Carter, then nine or ten years
            of age, and the only daughter whose birth date is known.

                      Since, at the time William Fox's will was made in April 1808,
            (18 years after the 1790 census was made), two of William Fox's daughters,
            Ann Fox Scott and Elizabeth Fox Killingsworth are known to have already
            married, had children, and died, it seems probable that some of his daugh-
            ters were older than indicated by the above order, and were already mar-
            ried prior to the 1790 census.  This could leave daughter Unity and wife
            Sarah to be listed in the 1790 census.  In the event Sarah had died
            within a year or two following the birth of her twin sons (who were 21
            years younger than the oldest known child, Henry), another daughter may
            have remained at home, accounting for the two females listed in the 1790
            census.

                      In addition to those daughters listed in William's will, cir-
            cumstantial evidence indicates that there was another daughter, Sarah,
            possibly the oldest, who was the wife of George Carter, whose will is
            shown in Exhibit 3, Page 41, along with a letter written by Mrs.
            Russell A. Lewis, of Abilene, Texas, setting forth reasons for this
            belief.  Information is also given here indicating that Mary Fox, who
            is shown in William's will as being married to         Powell, may have
            first married John Cooner and been the mother of three children before
            George Carter's will was written in 1802.  Mr. Leonardo Andrea, to whom
            Mrs. Lewis refers, was a well-known South Carolina historian and
            genealogist.

                      Based on these conjectures, and if Henry was the oldest or
            next oldest child of William and Sarah Carroll Fox, their children
            could have been born approximately as follows:

          ?Sarah (Carter)            ?Born            ?Married and died before 1802
          Henry                       Born 6-12-1768   Di ed 1-18-1852
          Ann (Scott)                 Born about 1770  Married and died before  1808
          Mary (?Cooner) (Powell )   Born  about 1772  Married before 1808 (or  1802)
          Elizabeth (Killingsworth)  Born  about 1774  Married and died before  1808
          Son (William?)             Born  about 1776  Died after 1790
          Unity (Carter)             Born  10-28-1781  Died 1-16-1870; married  1798
          Elijah                     Born  5-16-1789   Died 4-23-1863
          Elisha                     Born  5-16-1789   Died 2-16-1862


                      A search of the 1790 and 1810 census records, together with
            abstracts of wills and information given in Green's History of Richland
            Countv, South Carolina, revealed the make-up of various Carter, Scott,
            and related families as shown in Exhibit 2, Page 34, of this section.
            The 1800 census is not available, having been lost or destroyed.

Exhibit 1                                                                 29




                     WILL OF WILLIAM FOX


(Will dated April 13, 1808; filed July 1, 1816; recorded in Will Book G,
Pages 3 and 4, Richland County, South Carolina.)


State of S° Carolina)   In the Name of God Amen.
Richland District

         I William Fox of the State and District aforesaid Planter,
being weak in body but of Sound Mind and Memory Blessed be God, for the
Same, And Calling to mind the uncertainty of human life, and that it is
appointed for all men once to Die, do make and ordain this my Last Will
and testament, in manner and form following   Viz  I commit my Soul to
God in Hopes of obtaining Mercy thro' Christ for all my past sins and
wickedness, and Body to the earth to be Decently Interred at the Discre-
tion of my ExecurS  hereafter mentioned, and for what Worldly Good it
hath pleased God to bless me with in this Life I give and bequeath the
following manner.

Imprimis it is my Desire that all my just debts shall be paid.  2dly I
give and bequeath unto my Son Henry Fox the sum of Two hundred Dollars.
3dly I give and bequeath unto the children of my late daughter Ann Scott
the Sum of One hundred Dollars to be equaly to be Divided among them.
4thly I give and bequeath unto my Daughter Unity Carter and her heirs the
sum of Two hundred Dollars.  5thly I give and bequeath unto my Daughter
Mary Powell and her heirs the sum of One hundred Dollars.  6tnly I give
and bequeath unto the two children of my late Daughter Elizth Killings-
worth the sum of Two Hundred Dollars Each to be paid by my Execurs unto
them when they shall obtain to the age of twenty one years. #### Turn over

Lastly I Give and Bequeath unto my two Sons Elijah and Elisha and their
Heirs for ever all my Personal Estate consisting of Negroes, Cattle,
Horses, Hogs etc.  Likewise all the Lands that I may Die Possessed of,
Houses & Household furniture I give and bequeath in like manner unto my
two said Sons and their heirs for Ever.  The said Personal & Real Estate
to be Equaly Shared among my Said Sons.  And I do nominate and appoint my
Son Henry Fox and Robert Carter ExecurS of my Last Will and Testament.
Revoking all other wills acknowledging this only to be my Last will and
testament.  In witness whereof I have
                    Hereunto Set my Hand and
                         Seal this 13th April 1808

                                                   his         (Seal)
                                        William    X     Fox
                                                 mark



-
            Will of William Fox (Continued)                                            30
            Signed Sealed And
            Delivered in presence of
            U5 Mary Brown
                 Richd. Branham )
                 Richd Brown

            Richland) Richd Branham appeared before Me and being duly sworn on the
            District) Holy Evangelist Almighty,sayeth, that he was present and did
                        see the above named William Fox Sign Seal and Deliver the
                 3  within writing as his last Will and Testament and further
                        sayeth that he saw Richard and Mary in presence of each other
                        sign their Names as witnesses to the same.
            O
              o                                               Richd Branham
             €D
           O 

           ... D

           .,
           .,


            South Carolina   )    Personally appeared Richard Branham who being duly
            Richland District)    sworn upon the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God
            did make oath and say that he saw William Fox sign
            and seal publish pronounce and declare the foregoing deed to be his last
            will and Testament that the Testator was then of sound and disposing
            ind memory and understanding according to the best of this deponents
            knowledge and belief and that he with Mary Brown and Richard Brown in the
            presence of each other at the request of the Testator in his presence and
            in the presence of each other certified the due execution thereof

            Sworn to before me )
            l'day of July 1816 )                  Richd Branham


                  James S. Guignard

                          Ordinary




                       (WRITTEN ON BACK OF WILL)

                      Wm Fox                            Last Will & Testament
                       Will                             wm Fox # #

                      filed 1 July 1816                 Filed
                      copy given


                      Recorded in Book
                      G page 3 and 4



            [Typed from hand-written photostatic copy  from Probate Judge,
            Richland County, South Carolina.]

                                                                          31





      ESTATE PAPERS OF WILLIAM FOX, RICHLAND COUNTY, S.C.


State of S. Carolina)

Richland District   )   Whereas by the last will and Testament of my
                       father William Fox, deceased, Robert Carter
                       and myself were appointed Executors, I am now
                       living over the Mountains and hath for some time lived there, so that
                       it is Quite Inconvenient for me to act in behalf of his Property, and
                       as neither Robert Carter or myself have never Qualified as Executors
                       we therefore give up all right of Executorship unto Elisha and Elijah
                       Fox for them to qualify & take upon themselves (being of age) the
                       Burthen of settling the Estate which may be easily done as every
                       Legacy is specified in the will, and both of them are the principal
                       Legatees.

                                        Given under our hands this
Acknowledged before me )                6th day of Dec- 1816

Rich. Brown, L. U.                                    Henry Fox


      I Robert Carter named Executor in the will of William Fox,
deceased do also renounce the Executorship - Given under my hand
this 4th day of January 1817.
                                                his
Robert                                                X Carter
Witness                                         mark

  Alex T. Herbemont



      Above regarding the will of William Fox (1743-1816) which was
made 4-13-1808, filed (presented ?) 6-20-1816, recorded Book G,
Page 3, File 10-245, Richland County, S.C.

      His son Henry, originally named as executor, was born in this
county 6-12-1768, m ca 1790 to Sarah Harrell and they had moved about
1814 to Cocke Co., East Tenn., just over the "biggest" hump of the
Great Smokey Mountains where they and their families were living when
the father William died and Henry had evidently made a trip back to
Richland County where he executed the above document and he was not
joking when he said "I am now living over the Mountains"!

(typed from Photocopy)                           Z. F. Shelton  -  1964



[Above copy and note were furnished to Shirley Faucette by Z. F. Shelton,
Montgomery, Alabama.]

                                                                          32





        ESTATE PAPERS OF WILLIAM FOX, RICHLAND COUNTY, S.C.



Warrants of Appraisment

    by James S. Guignard    Ordinary of Richland County




Envelope postmarked CHARLN SC   May 31

    To James S. Guignard Esqr

        Mail     Columbia





                               ChSton  May 31  1808


[?]  D Yes/
    [? Dear Sirs?]


          Your two favors of ---[?  17219h?]--Iscs yeserday late
    On searching the office I find a grant to --[?Mist  Leightner?]--
    for70 acres land on Broad & Saluda Rivers   do send me their
    first names   I will make a thorough search.

          Your seal (Seal) is in hand the price $15 - I hope it
    will be ready to go by --[ ?  W dev  ?]-- when I will send the
    precedents [?]  [    ?---]  then the  [ ? preparing ?] ---
    for the signature so you must excuse my not saying more
    than that I am truly and sincerely yours


                                J Houfee


    Please tell my friend Haile I have made many enquiries
    about the peach brandy & he must not forget me.




    [Copied by Shirley Faucette from handwritten documents on
    microfilm in South Carolina Department of Archives and History,
    Columbia, South Carolina.]

                                                              33



       APPRAISEMENT OF ESTATE OF WILLIAM FOX, RICHLAND COUNTY, S.C.


      Appra i sement                                  February 26, 1 81 7


Memorandum of the Apraisment of William Fox Estate


306 Acres of Swamp land @ $5 pr acre                             1530
400 do  of Upland @ $4 per acre                                  2000
Negros
  Peter @ $300 Rose @ 300 Lucy & child@ 500                      1400
  Hester $550 Sarah $500 Jacob  $400    Peter  $250                 1700
  Frank  $250 Isaac $150                                            400
14 Head of Stock Cattle @ $7 pr Head                               98
11 do of Sheep @ $2 pr do                                          22
98 Heads of Stock Hogs                                             183 . 50
 3 feather beds & furniture @ 75                                   75
  waggon & Tra i ses @ $15                                         15
 1 lot of plantation Tools @ $20                                   20
 1 lot of Kitchen Furniture $6                                      6
 1 wriding saddle @ $1                                              1.00
 1 lot of puter @ 2 1 do of Crockry @ $1.50                         4.00
 1 do of glafs [glasses] & 2 waters waiters $2                    2
 1 coffe mill & coffe pot -- $1
 1 Lot of Spoons & knives & forks $1
 4 Candle Sticks $1 - 2 pair fear [fire] togs & Two [?] I tongs $3  4.00
 1 Lot of Books @ $3 -- 1 Set of Raisors &  box  100/75              3.75
 1 pair of smooing Irons @ 75 1 Shot gun    $1                       1.75
 1 Looking clafs [glass] & 3 trunks @ $6                             7
 2 tables & Lot Cheers @ $3                                          3.00

                                                      7479 . 50

 Appraisers    J G Bostick
              John Seay
              R i c h Bra ndnm

Exhibit 2                                                                 34



POSSIBLE MAKE-UP OF VARIOUS CARTER, SCOTT, CARROLL AND RELATED FAMILIES
        BASED ON WILLS, CENSUS DATA, AND MISCELLANEOUS SOURCES


Ann Fox Scott

         Ann Fox Scott died prior to the date of her father's will,
April 13, 1808, and he makes a bequest "unto the children of my late
daughter Ann Scott...."

         It is likely that Ann Fox is the Mrs. Ann Scott for whom a
"citation" was issued October 26, 1795, as administrator, along with
George Scott, of the estate of William Scott of Richland County, South
Carolina.  Both Green's HistorY of Richland Countv, South Carolina and
Meriwether's The Expansion of South Carolina state that William Scott
was an early settler in that area.  On Page 103 of Meriwether's book
he states that William Scott married the widow of James McCrellas, so
it is probable that Ann Fox was his second wife and that the George
Scott who was also named as an administrator of the estate was her
step-son.  William Scott, Jr., David McCord, and Joel Adams are listed
as appraisers of the estate.  The citation referred to is filed in the
bcx with the will of William Scott (2nd), Will Book E, p. 196, but the
reldtionship of the younger William Scott is not given.  The wills of
William Scott (2nd) and William Scott (3rd) give numerous family rela-
tionships, but there is no mention of any brothers or sisters for
William Scott (2nd), and it is not known to whom William Fox referred
as "the children of my late daughter Ann Scott".

         The following information is summarized from abstracts of
wills contained in Green's  History of Richland County, South Carolina:


ANN (FOX ?)

m.  William Scott (married first to widow of James McCrellas)
    d. prior to 10-26-1795 when "citation" was issued for appointment
    of Mrs. Ann Scott and George Scott as administrators of estate.
    (Will Book C, p. 124).  Appointed 1-5-1796.  Property appraised
    by William Sco'ct, Jr., David McCord, Joel Adams).  Citation is
    filed in box with will of William Scott, Will Book E, p. 196.

    Children of William Scott:

  ?1.  George Scott  (son or brother?  Named as administrator of
                     William Scott's estate, along with Mrs. Ann Scott.
                     One George Scott is mentioned as being a member
                     of Beulah Baptist Church in Richland County on
                     4-26-1806--see page 128 of Green's History, etc.

                                                                        35



Ann Fox Scott (Continued)

   Children of William Scott: (Continued)

   2.  William Scott (2nd)
      died prior to 1-22-1810  (Will dated 4-20-1806 and filed 1-22-1810,
                               Will Book E, p. 196.  Witnesses:  Christian
                               Entzminger, Jacob Frazer, Joshua Frazer.)

      m ---  (wife living when will made in 1806)

      Children:  (Named in Will:  William, Samuel, Elizabeth m. Dinkins)

      (l)  William Scott (3rd)
          died before 1-6-1823  (Will dated 1-28-1820; filed 1-6-1823;
          Will Book G, p. 306.  Witnesses:  Joel
          Adams, W. W. Adams, Robert Adams.
          Executor:  Nephews, Joseph, William,
          John, Samuel, and James Scott, and
          Joel Adams, Jr.)

      *(2)  Sarnuel Scott (deceased prior to 1-28-1820, when brother William's
                        will was made)
          m 
          Children:  (as named in his brother William's will)
          1.  Joseph Scott
          2.  William Scott
          3.  John Scott
          4.  Samuel Scott
          5.  Sarah Scott m. --- McNary prior to 1-28-1820)

          m-2:  Jane Ross, daughter of John Ross
          1.  James Scott  (shown as minors in William Scott 3rd will)
          2.  Mary Scott     "
          3.  Jane Scott     "
                m.  Governor James H. Adams  (See Page 50 of Green's
                History, etc.)

      *(3)  Elizabeth Scott    (shown as sister in William Scott (3rd)
                              will and as a daughter in William Scott (2nd)
                              wi 1 1 )
                              m.  Lewis Dinkins

      (4)  Daughter ?
          m. Joel Adams, Sr.
             *(Joel Adams, Jr., named as "nephew" in William (3rd) will)

     *(5)  Sarah Scott, m. --- Weston
            (sons Malachi Weston and Robert Weston)
     *(6)  Mary Scott, m. --- Bostick
     *(7)  Esther Scott, m. --- Thompson
     *(8)  Daughter, m. -- Croft (son, Moses Croft)
     *(9)  Daughter, m. -- Etherington (son James Etherington died
                                       before 1823)

     *These Dersons named in William Scott (3rd) will.

                                                                         36





Ann Fox Scott (Continued)


          The 1790 Richland County Census listed two William Scotts,
presumably William Scott (2nd) and William Scott (3rd).  They are
shown with the following households:

          3 males 16 and up; 2 males under 16; 4 females.  And,

          1 male  16 and up; 3 males under 16; 4 females; 26 slaves.

William Scott (3rd) does not refer to a wife or children in his will,
and no deductions have been made from these figures.

          It seems unlikely to this writer that "Mrs. Ann Scott"
would have been appointed administrator for the estate of William
Scott (lst), along with George Scott, if she were not his widow.
However, it may have been that she was the wife of-h-s son William (2nd),
and that this was a contributing factor to the "citatio-referred to
above having been filed with the estate papers of William (2nd).  Also,
she may have been the wife of George Scott, of whom no further mention
has been found except as listed.

          Ann Fox Scott, daughter of William Fox was shown as "late
daughter Ann Scott" in his will dated 1808, but it is chronologically
possible, from the few known dates available, for her to have been
the living wife in 1806 of William Scott (2nd).

          In any event, she would have been of legal age in 1795 to
serve as administrator of the estate.


Mary Fox (Cooner?) Powell


          No information has been found in addition to that shown on
Page 28 of this section and in Exhibit 3.



Sarah (Fox?) Carter


          No information has been found in addition to that shown on
Page 28 of this section and in Exhibit 3

                                                                         37




Unity Fox Carter

          Unity Fox Carter was born October 28, 1781, and died on
January 16, 1870.  She was married to Robert Carter, born 1770, died 1822.
Unity Fox is the only daughter of William and Sarah Carroll Fox whose
birth and death dates are known, or whose husband's name is known.

          In 1960 and again in July 1970, Shirley Faucette and Emma
Shirley Fox Faucette visited the cemetery at Good Hope Baptist Church
in the Middleboro Community east of Columbia, and saw the markers
there in memory of Unity Carter CinscriPtion, "The righteous shall be
in everlasting remembrance") and of her twin brothers Elijah and
Elisha Fox, all located in the same plot.  John Henry Fox, Jr., also
visited the cemetery subsequent to 1962 and was told by long-time
residents of the area that the highway was built over a portion of
the cemetery.  It is likely that William Fox and others of his family
were buried there, also.

          Information from "The First James Settlers", author not named,
was given by a James family connection, Mrs. Homer White Lockett, of
Eastover, South Carolina, to John Henry Fox, Jr., at the time of his
visit.  Eastover is in the same general area as Middleboro, east of
Columbia.  This material gives a history of the descendants of William
James, who is said to have come to South Carolina from Ireland and
settled near Kings Tree about 1734.  A descendant, Benjamin Albert
James, married Gracie Ann Bates, daughter of Elizabeth (Carter) and
John Bates.  Elizabeth Carter, the second wife of John Jack) Bates,
was born April 28, 1798, and was the daughter of Unity (Fox) and Robert
Carter.  She is said to be buried in the "Scott graveyard".

          The following items are given under a heading "Fox Family":

    "l - Fox was killed by Cherokee Indians and effects taken
            Had a son
    "2 - William Fox - Married Barbara - ?
            (You will find in Columbia, S.C., Book G - p. 3,
             April 13, 1808)
            Buried:  Good Hope Baptist Church
            Was a Revolutionary Patriot."


          This information contained in the copy given to John H. Fox, Jr.,
 is not accurate concerning the Foxes in the following respects:

    1 - "Fox" who was killed by Cherokee Indians was the brother and
        not the father of William Fox  [See Page 55 of Mr. Steadman's
        book.]

    2 - William Fox married Sarah Carroll and not "Barbara 
        Barbara was Henry Carter's wife, as discussed on Page 24
        of this section.



                                                             38



Unity Fox Carter (Continued)


         In listing the children of William Fox, Henry is shown as a
"Revolutionary Patriot".  He was only a small boy during the Revolu-
tion, having been born in 1768.

         Elizabeth Fox, daughter of William Fox, is shown as marrying
"Killingsworth (No children)".  The will of William Fox refers to the
"tw children of mY late dauhter Elizth Killinqsworth".



         An outline of a possible Carter genealogy has been prepared by
Shirley Faucette from the above information, from the wills of Henry
Carter and George Carter, and from the 1790 census for Richland County,
South Carolina.  It is not clear whether John Carter, father of Henry
Carter, had other children, but it appears that in addition to Henry,
he was the father of three other children, as shown.  Information is
from the James history except where indicated otherwise.

John Carter                                                                          3
   Children:
   1. Gracy Carter
   2. Thomas Carter
   3. Henry Carter
      d.  about 1785 will dated 11-1-1785; proved 12-5-1785.
                      Witnesses:  Joseph Joyner, David Joyner, Peter
                      Clyne; Executors:  Richard Brown, William Fox;
                      Appraised:  Joseph McCord, Robert Weston, R. M.
                      Campbel 1 )
     m.  Barbara ---  (shown as widow in 1790 census, with 1 male
                    under 1 6, 2 femal es, and 2 sl aves )
     Children:
     (l)  John Carter (1790 census, 3 males under 16, 2 males over 16,
                     3 females, and 3 slaves)
     (2) Joseph Carter  (not in Richland County census)
     (3)  Benjamin Carter (170 census, 1 male over 16, 1 male under 16,
                         and 5 females
     (4)  George Carter
         d.  about 1803-03 (Will dated 10-25-1802; proved 9-24-1803.
                             See Exhibit 4 of this section.)
          m.  Sarah (?Fox - daughter of William and Sarah Carroll Fox?)
          No children are mentioned in George Carter's will, but
          1790 census shows 1 mal e over 16 and 2 femal es .  There
          may have been a daughter who died young, between 1790-91
          and 1802.
      (5)  Robert Carter
           b. 1770; d. February 1822
           m. 1798 to Unity Fox
           [See below for children]
      (6)  Mary Carter
           m. --- Joyner
      (7) Rachel Carter
           m. --- Day

   4.  Dorcas Carter  m. --- Hastings


                                              

                                                             39


Unity Fox Carter (Continued)


         The children of Unity (Fox) and Robert Carter are listed
in the James material as follows.  Those marked "+" are named in the
settlement of the estate of Robert Carter, dated January 27, 1835.
The manner of listing in the James material was difficult to follow,
and may not have been interpreted correctly.

   + 1.  Elisha Carter
            m.  Bartlett Gibson
   + 2. Melinda Carter
            m.  James H. Seay
   + 3.  Sarah H. Carter
            b. 10-2-1815; d. 6-13-1855; buried at "Nutshell "
   + 4.  Joel Carter
            Children:
            Matelda m. Touchberry ["Katie Tisdall" is shown in
              parenthesis]
            D    M Burkett "Sallie Burkett" shown in parenthesis]
            "Robert has son in Ga." [?]
   + 5 . Mati 1 da Carter
         b. 2-25-1825; buri ed at "Nutshel l "
   + 6. James D. [Downs] Carter
         b. 12-7-1799; d. 10-8-1858
   + 7. William Fox Carter
         [d . ?] 2-8-1851
     8. El izabeth Carter
        b. 4-28-1798; d. 3-21-1849
        m. +John (Jack) Bates
     9. Ann Jane Carter
        b. 8-23-1807; d. 10   1855
        m. +John T. Scott
          c . 1 1 -1 9-1 856


5

          Green's History of Richland Cou, Page 48, gives the following
on Killingsworths in his chapter on ''Early Families":

    "KILLINGSWORTH.  Jacob and Jesse Killingsworth settled in the
    lower part of the county before the Revolutionary War, in which
    Jacob served as a Lieutenant.  With Jesse Killingsworth (1770-
    1856), whose grave is at his old home near Eastover, this family
    name disappeared in the County.  His daughter Dorian married
    William Macfeat."

    [A penciled notation in a copy oP this boGk in the Mississippi
    Department of Archives and History, Jackson, Miss., says:
    "See Rose Family of Miss."]

                                                              40


Elizabeth Fox Killinsworth (Continued)

          On Page 304 of Green's History of Richland County, is a record
of an inventory being made of the estate of a William Killingsworth by
A. B. Joyner, William Whitner, and Jacob Killingsworth on March 13, 1835,
but no further information is given on William Killingsworth.

          An older Jacob Killingsworth than that indicated on Page 48,
is given as Executor in 1793 of the will of Pettigrew Salisbury, and he
evidently was the husband of Salisbury's daughter, Mary.  Mary Killings-
worth and Jesse Killingsworth were, in turn, appointed administrators of
Jacob's estate, and Jacob appears to have been the father of the Jesse
(1770-1856) referred to above.  It is interesting to note that the younger
Jesse is buried at Eastover, which is a community in the same general area
east of Columbia as the Good Hope Baptist Church, where Unity Fox Carter
and the twin brothers Elisha and Elijah are buried.  Mary Salisbury
Killingsworth is said to have married second to Isom Woodward.

          Boddie in his Historical Southern Families, Volume 1, suggests
that William Killingsworth of Surry County, Va., (d. 1709) whose wife
was Avis     (she m. 2 to John Cook), had a daughter Lucy and sons
William (2nd) and John Killingsworth.  William (2nd) was the father of
sons John and William (3rd).  William (3rd) was thought to be the
father of Mary, Priscilla, John, Jesse, and Jacob who married Mary
Salisbury.

          Jacob and Mary Salisbury Killingsworth are listed as the
parents of the following children:  Jesse (1770-1856); Sarah (b ca 1772),
m. John Hill; Mary (Polly) m. William Crockett; Margaret (d 1838) m.
Ephriam Adams of Richland County; Mark (d 7-29-1840), m. Nancy Shell;
Noel (b 1778, d 7-3-1831) m. Jane Scott of Richland County; Jacob, Jr.
(wife unknown) who had children Edward Killingsworth, and Martha Killings-
worth who married Peter Gaffney and had 5 children; and Anne (Nancy),
m. Green Williams (b 1775, d 3-31-1838).

          Jesse, the brother of Jacob who married Mary Salisbury, may be
that Jesse whose will was made June 19, 1818, proved July 3, 1818, and is
recorded in Will Book C, Page 69, Box 17, Package 415.  He mentions "my
six children, viz. Nancy, Elizabeth, Mary, Jesse, Jenny, and Martha" and
names as Executor "my loving son-in-law John McLean and Nancy Killings-
worth, my daughter".  No wife is mentioned.

          The fact that Jacob Killingsworth (Jr.) had two children, and
the name of his wife was not known in Boddie's listing, leads to specu-
lation that his wife may have been Elizabeth Fox, who died prior to the
date of her father William Fox's will (4-13-1808) in which he left a sum
of money "unto the two children of my late Daughter Elizth Killingsworth".

_




          Exhibit 3                                       41



                                       WILL OF GEORGE CARTER


          (Will dated October 21, 1802 - September 24, 1803.  Recorded in
          Richland County, South Carolina, Will Book D, Page 140.)


          State of South Carolina - Richland District

          Be it known unto all persons --

          I then do desire that my brother Robert Carters children namely
          Henry Carter, Elizabeth Carter, William Carter, and Dorcus Carter,
          should each of them have one year old heifer out of my stock cattle;
          and all the other of my property I desire that my wife Sarah Carter
          should heir and pofsefs during her lifetime and after her death what
          remains to be equally divided amongst the said Robert Carters children
          above mentioned and my wifes Sister Marys children which she had by
          John Cooner namely John Cooner, Mary Cooner, Melker Cooneri also my
          desire is that Henry Fox should act as Executor with my wife Sary
          Carter Executrix jointly.  This I acknowledge to be my last will and
          testament made this 21 day of October one thousand eight hundred and
          two.

      his
George    x   Carter
                                                            mark


          it: Jno. G. Bostick

                       his
               Benjamin B Carter                          (Box 5, Package 106)
                      mark



            [Typed from copy on file at South Carolina Department of Archives
            and History, Columbia, S.C., by Shirley Faucette]








          Will of Joseph Carter (Package 109) - Christine (?) Perrin and Elisha Fox, Adm.


          Will of Robert Carter (Box 40 - Package 981) - Unity Carter and Elisha Fox, Adm.

                                                             42






              EXTRACT FROM LETTER FROM MRS. RUSSELL A. LEWIS
                        TO MISS ANNIE GREGG




          "I am trying to locate JOHN COONER of the Revolution.  I
find a John Cooner who could be of the period mentioned in the will
of George Carter of Richland County, S.C.  Edwin L. Green in his
History of Richland County, S.C., quotes Geo. Carter mentioning his
wife Sarah, and after her death dividing his estate into two equal
shares, and go to children of Robert Carter (his brother) and
children of 'Mary wife of John Cooner Sr. -- sister of my wife to
her children....John Cooner Jr., Mary Cooner Jr., and Melchior.'
Later I had Mr. Leonardo Andrea of Columbia, S.C. send me an
abstract of George Carter Will....   Then he [Mr. Andrea] says that
it is thought that George Carter's wife Sara was a daughter of
WILLIAM FOX, also Robert Carter's wife was Unity Fox, which was true.
Mr. Andrea sent me the abstract to the two Carter wills and William
Fox.

          "Geo. Carter will was probated Sept. 24, 1804, and HENRY
FOX was executor and Mr. Andrea says 'relationship not shown but
seems a brother of his wife.'  William Fox was one of the appraisers
of the estate.

          "...You will note that illiam Fox mentions as daughter,
Mary POWELL...Mr. Andrea wondered if by 1808 date of signing of Fox
will, that Cooner had died and Mary married Powell.  He did not
mention children of Mary as she was still living, but did mention
children of deceased daughters."




    [The above is a quotation from a letter dated June 3, 1963,
    from Mrs. Russell A. Lewis, 665 E.N. 20th St., Abilene, Texas,
    to Miss Annie Gregg, also of Abilene, Texas.  Miss Gregg is a
    descendant of Henry Fox of Mississippi through his son Jacob
    Fox.  In September 1971, Mrs. Lewis told Shirley Faucette that
    she had not found additional information on this subiect.l

Exhibit 4                                                                43




                     NOTES CONCERNING SARAH CARROLL


          Practically none of the pieces of the "Carroll Puzzle" fit.
A graduate student was doing research in the library of the South
Carolina Department of Archives and History during the week we [Emma
Shirley Fox Faucette and Shirley Faucette] spent there.  He had also
tried to determine the relationships of the various Carroll families
whose wills were on file there.  His advice was to forget it.

          By some good fortune it may be possible later to untangle
the mass of Carroll families that have confused those searching for
Sarah Carroll.

          In the meantime, there are only conjectures.  Mr. Joseph E.
Steadman has raised an interesting possibility in his book, Ancestry
of the Fox Family, etc., Chapter 3, Section 1, Page 34, that Henry
Fox 2nd, who had several sons (including Col. Henry Fox of South
Carolina) also may have been the father of a daughter.  Further, this
daughter might have been named Unity, which was the name of Henry Fox
2nd's grandmother, Unity Croshaw (mother of Anne West).  Unity is a
frequent name in the descendants of William Fox, son of Col. Henry Fox,
and it also appears in the families of at least two Carroll men who
were probable contemporaries of William Fox and his wife Sarah Carroll
Fox.  The name Unity also appears in the Johnson-Hughes families.

          It is then speculated that this possible Unity Fox was married
to John Carrell, a neighbor of the Foxes in Brunswick County, Virginia,
whose land is described as adjoining 555 acres sold by Henry Fox in
Brunswick County, Virginia, in 1735.

          If they were the parents of the following named children,
including Sarah Carroll Fox, this could account for the use of the name
Unity in the families of Jacob Carrell, Sr., and William Carrell of
Richland County, South Carolina.

          The will of Jacob Carroll, Sr., was proved June 21, 1815, and
is recorded in Richland County, South Carolina.  He names a daughter
Unity who married Joseph Collins and was living in York County in the
1790 census.  Other children named are sons William, James, Jacob,
Joseph, and John.

          William Carrell, whose will was proved April 6, 1835, in
Richland County, South Carolina, also had a daughter Unity who married
--- Gray.  William Carrell also names his wife, Rebecca; daughters Rachel
who m. --- Addison, and Rebecca who m. --- Sowden, and Anna;  sons
Athu R. and Isaac.

_




                                                                                      44


            Notes Concerning Sarah Carroll (Continued)


                      It is also of record that Edward Carroll ordered 100 acres of
            land April 24, 1767, in Richland County, S.C., for William Fox, for
            which William received a grant September 4, 1770.  Edmond Carroll (the
            names appear to be used interchangeably) was also granted 100 acres on
            September 1, 1770.  Jacob Carroll was granted land in the same general
            area on September 11, 1770.

                      Edmund Carrell, Jacob Carrell, and William Fox are all listed
            in Green's History of Richland County as having Revolutionary War ser-
            vice in 1781 and following, as horsemen  at Ancrum's, Orangeburg, the
            McCord Ferry area, and other locations.  William Carrell is listed with
            service in 1781 and later, as a footman with Lt. Jacob Killingsworth, etc.
            The fact that they served together may indicate that they were about the
            same age.

                      Green's History of Richland County gives several accounts of
            military activity in this area near the homes of William Fox and the
            Carroll men.  In this connection it is interesting to note the story
            given by Mrs. Bessie Fox Truly and others [See Section IV, Exhibit 6]
            concerning Sarah Carroll Fox's encounter with a British soldier at her
            home during the Revolution.



                      The many traditional stories that Sarah Carroll was the "niece
            and adopted daughter" of Charles Carroll, are parts of the puzzle that do
            not readily fit into the Unity Fox-John Carroll theory described, unless
            additional information can be found.

                      The descendants and relations of "Charles Carroll of Carrollton"
            in Maryland are listed in many publications.  No mention is made of any
            relative named Sarah or any who had a daughter of proper age who might
            have been the wife of William Fox.

                      However, as previously mentioned, a copy of a will for a Charles
            Carroll of Charleston, South Carolina, who died in 1752, is included as
            Exhibit 6 of this section.  He refers to the "children of Martin Carroll
            by my sister Sarah of Droghadie, Kingdom of Ireland".  Apparently his
            sister Sarah Carroll married a Martin Carroll, who may have been their
            relative.  No other mention has been found of any of these Carrolls except
            Charles Carroll's daughter.         [See Exhibit 5.  Martin Carroll may
            also have been in South Carolina and may have been a son or relative of
            John Carrell of Brunswick County, Virginia, previously named, or he may
            have been in Ireland at the date of the will.

                      If William Fox were the child of Col. Henry Fox and his second
            wife, Martha Keen Fox, and was born as Mr. Steadman suggests about 1743-44,
            William Fox may have spent his early years in Charleston.  In any event,



                                                                         45



Notes Concerning Sarah Carroll (Continued)


it is likely that during his youth was the time that Col. Henry Fox is
described as being an "eminent lawyer in Charles Town" by H. T. Cook, in
his Rambles in the Pee Dee Basin.  [See Section II, Page 10]  Mr.
Steadman refers to a bill of sale signed by Col. Henry Fox of Prince
Frederick Parish, Craven County, S.C., as receiving L1000 for 20 horses
on March 6, 1745-46.  Mr. Steadman states that Col. Henry Fox moved to
or near Charleston at this time, which was when his son William was
quite young.  Col. Henry Fox is named in various records described by
Mr. Steadman which indicate that he spent most of his time at Charleston
during this period and only a part in Richland County.  It is, therefore,
possible that William Fox became acquainted with the Carroll family in
Charleston or elsewhere, prior to moving to Richland County.

          This would agree with the tradition described by Priscilla
Virginia Fox Starr [See Section IV, Exhibit l] which states that "they
Settled in South Carolina near Charleston, where all of their children
were born".  However, Mrs. Starr adds that they "were near neighbors
and friends of the late Wade Hampton's grandfather", and the Hamptons
lived in the area east of Columbia where William Fox settled later.

          All these bits of information are seemingly unrelated, except
for the likelihood, as pointed out by Mr. Steadman, that Sarah Carroll
was related in some way to Edward/Edmund Carroll and was likely a sister
of Jacob Carrell, Sr.  It is also likely that she was a sister of
William Carrell.

          Henry Fox, son of William and Sarah Carroll Fox, named his
child Joseph Carroll Fox.  It has been surmised that a daughter "Winnie
C. Fox" bore the name Carroll.

          There are at least two Joseph Carrolls who appear to be con-
temporaries of Jacob and William (besides the Joseph who was Jacob Sr.'s
son).  The various wills and estate papers associated with these Joseph
Carrolls are filled with endless names and relationships--and give not
one clue to a possible connection with the other Carrolls mentioned here.

          Joseph Carroll whose will was proved in Richland County in 1803
names his wife Martha (thought to be Swaney) and lists 11 children:
Samuel, Elizabeth, Jenet, Sarah, Joseph, John, Hannah, Henry, Elias,
Martha, and Isbell Wills.  He is thought to be that Joseph Carroll,
b. 1746, d. 1803, whose descendants' DAR records show that he was born in
Pennsylvania and died in South Carolina, and whose wife Martha Swaney was
born 1752 and died 1849.  She is likely that Martha Carroll who received
a pension for the Revolutionary service of Joseph Carroll in South Caro-
lina.  He may have been a son or grandson of the following Joseph Carroll,
or he may have been unrelated.

          It was apparently the Joseph Carrell who made his will in York
County, S.C., in May 1777, that influenced the previously mentioned stu-
dent at Columbia to give up genealogical research on the Carroll family.

                                                                         46



Notes Concerning Sarah Carroll (Continued)


          This Joseph Carrel(l)'s will was dated May 17, 1777, naming
his wife Jane Carrel and various children.  Apparently it was a codicil
which was dated January 2, 1784, naming wife Jennett Caryl, and some of
the same children previously mentioned.  On June 10, 1796, a will was
recorded for Jeannett Carrell, wife of Joseph Carrell, Senior, deceased,
with five then surviving children, including a son and grandson "Joseph".
The grandson Joseph was the son of Thomas Carrell.

          It could not be determined whether it was the son, grandson,
or another Joseph Carrell whose estate was apparently not settled, in
spite of many legal proceedings for closing the estate by various persons,
as late as March 1823.  Joseph Bates, John Bates [see Scott history] and
William Fair were serving as executors; Jacob and John Carroll seem to
have been administrators, and "5 heirs entitled to a distributive share"
were mentioned.  At that date names appearing in the estate records
included Esther Carrell, Dorcas Carrell, William Scott, Killingsworth,
Peter Keen, William B. Creber (husband of Esther Carrell, deceased) and
Hiram Addison (husband of Dorcas Carrell).  One of the participants in
the litigation was alleged to have "taken up with another man and left
under cover of night".  Fortunately, this was not our Sarah!

          Wills for other members of Joseph Carrell Sr.'s family were
recorded, and at least one other Joseph Carroll is named, the son of
Thomas Carrell.  Thomas Carrell named Esther Carrell and Thomas Carrell
as "grandchildren" of his "son Joseph Carrell'l.



          In summary, it is not known how Sarah Carroll was related to
any of the Carrolls mentioned herein.

          It is possible that she had brothers Jacob (Sr.), William,
Edmund/Edward, and some admired relative named Joseph Carroll and another
named Charles Carroll.  She may have been related in some way to John
Carroll of Brunswick County, Virginia.

          She was "Grandpappy" Henry Fox's mother . . .  One tradition
says she and/or her twin sons were red-headed (the Carroll's were from
Ireland) . . .  Her twin sons were 21 years younger than her oldest
known child, "Grandpappy" . . . She picked up a British soldier bodily
who tried to steal butter from her churn . . .  Her descendants described
her as "strongand resolute" . . . .

          How does one "fnret" a familv like t_hP arrolls!

. J.       ,,  .._  

Exhibit 5                                                                   47





                      WILL OF CHARLES CARROLL


(Will dated April 23, 1752, proved July 10, 1752; recorded in Will
Book 1747-52, page 533, Charleston, South Carolina.)


In the name of God Amen I Charles Carroll of Charles Town in the province
of South Carolina Peruke maker being sick & weak in body but of sound
perfect mind memory & understanding praised be God for the same do make                    1
Publish & Declare this my Last will & Testament in manner & form follow
ing that is to say I will that all my just debts & funeral Expenses be
duly paid & Satisfied. Item. I give unto my Loving Wife Ester Carrol
the use only of all my real & Personall Estate for the use of herself &
for the support maintenance & Education of my Daughter Henrietta Carrol,
during the Natural Life of my said Wife Ester and after her Decease I
give Devise & Bequeath unto my sd Daughter Henrietta & to her heirs &
assigns forever all my real Estate also I give unto my said Daughter
Henrietta after the Decease of my said wife Esther all my Personall
Estate. Item. I will Authorize & Impower my said wife to grant bar-
gain sell & convey to any person or persons absolutely forever all that
my Plantation or tract of land Containing five hundred Acres at Winyaw
& I will that the monies arising by the sale thereof be put out to
Interest on good Security for the use of my sd wife & the support & main-
tenance of my sd Daughter also I will authorize & Impower my said wife
to sell barter & Exchange as she shall think fitt all & any of my negro
slaves or their Issue & Increase & the monies arising by such sale                        :
barter or Exchange to put out at Interest on good Security or otherwise
Impower the same for the benefit of my sd Daughter Item. I give unto
my said Daughter after the decease of my sd wife all the monies bonds                     €   L
notes Bills & other Securities there may be received had or taken for
sale of the said Plantation or for sale barter or Exchange of all or
any of my negro slaves aforesaid & I do hereby nominate & appoint my
said wife Esther Exrix & Mr William Glenn Exor of this my Last will
Testament & Guardians Jointly & Severally over the person & Estate of
my said Daughter & after the Decease of my said wife I will authorize
& Impower the said William Glen to make sale of the above mentioned
 Plantation & negroes for the benefit of my said Daughter in the same
manner as my said wife might or could do by Virtue of the power &
 authority above given & I also will that in case my said wife die before
my sd Daughter attain the age of Eighteen years that all the Interest &                   ;
Estate by this my last will Intended for my sd Daugr shall be paid &
 Discharged Delivered over to her at the age of Eighteen or day of
 marriage and I hereby Revoke all former and other will and wills by me
 at any time heretofore made declaring this only to be my Last will
 and Testament also I will that in case my Daughter die before the age      ;
of Eighteen years or day of marriage & upon the Decease of my said
 wife I give Devise & Bequeath unto the children of Martin Carrol
 by my Sister Sarah of Droghadie in the Kingdom of Ireland & to their





                                                                       i

_





                                                                                      48


            heirs & assigns forever to be Equally Divided between such of them as
            shall then be Living all my Estate real and Personall or of what nature
            or kind the same may be  In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
            and seal the twenty third day of April in the year of our Lord one
            thousand Seven hundred and fifty two.


            Signed Sealed Published          ) CharS. Carrol (LS)
            Pronounced & Declared by
            the said Testator for &
            as his last will & Testament
            in the presence of us who at
            his Request and in his presence  )  This Will was proved bef-
            have subscribed our names as Wit-)  ore his Excy the 10th July
            nesses thereto xxxxxxxxxxxxxx    )  1752 & the Exrix Qual ified.

            wm Carwithen : Steph: Cater.

            Jn° Remington



            Recorded in Will Book 1747-52  Pg. 533  (Copy 533)





            [This was copied from a copy furnished by the Clerk of Probate Court,
            Charleston, S.C., designated as "a WPA recording", Vol. VI, Page 649.]

                                                             49




                           EXCERPT FROM
MARRIAGE NOTICES IN "THE SOUTH CAROLINA & AMERICAN GENERAL GAZETTE"
                   Compiled by A. S. Salley, Jr.




[Page 7]


Married.]  In Charlestown, Sept. 9th.  Mr. Alexander Michie,
           Merchant, to Miss Henrietta Carrol (Friday, Sept. 12, 1766)






               EXCERPT FROM
REGISTER OF ST. PHILLIP'S PARISH 1754-1810
                          by Smith and Salley


Burials:
[Page 278]  1755 Jan. 14      Was buried Hester Carrol
[Page 296] 1760 Oct. 29th Was buried Mrs. Carroll


Baptisms:

[Page 30]   May 18, 1802      Mary Parsons daughter of James Parsons
                                 and Mary Carroll

            May 21, 1802      Elizabeth Ann daughter of James Parsons
                                 and Mary Carroll



                                                     50





EXTRACT FROM GEORGIA GAZETTE, SAVANNAH, GEORGIA:


Sep. 15th, 1766 - On Sunday, 7th instant, Thom. Fuller, Esq.
of St. Andrew's Parish, was married at Ashley Ferry to Miss
Elizabeth Miles, relict of Mr. Ed Miles.  Last Tuesday, Mr.
Alex. Merline was married to Miss Henrietta Carroll.



(Historical Collections of the Joseph Habersham Chapter,
D.A.R. (Georgia), published by Blosser Printing Co.,
Atlanta, Ga., 1902.  Volume II, Page 322.)


Volumes I, II, and III of this collection are located
in the Savannah Historical Library, Savannah, Georgia;
the Library of the Mississippi Department of Archives
and History, Jackson, Mississippi; and probably at other
libraries.

                                                             51



                    LAND GRANTS FOR WILLIAM FOX

                                       .


COLONIAL PLATS, Volume 11, Part 2, Page 451 - William Fox, 100 acres (1767)











                   3 bsL

                                        3.3


                   0        0





                  x 













 South Carolina   Pursuant to a Precept from John Troup Esqr D. Survr Genl
 dated 3d March 1767.  I have admeasured and laid out unto Edward Karoll a
 Tract of One hundred Acres of Land in Craven county, between Wateree &
 Congaree Rivers Bounded on all sides by vacant Land & hath such Shape &
 Marks as the above Plat represents.

 Survd 24th April 1767.
 Geo. Strother D. Surv

 The above Plat was certified for William Fox P. Ord. Co. dated 4th epr 1770.



[The above was copied by Emma Shirley Fox Faucette from the Colonial Plat
 Rnnk_ Snlt.h Carolina Department of Archives and History, Columbia. S.C.]

                                                                                        52


                                LAND GRANTS FOR WILLIAM FOX

                                                 .


              COLONIAL PLATS, Volume 15, Page 205 - William Fox, 100 acres (1769)


              South Carolina (Craven County)

                        Persuant to a precept to me directed by John Troup Esqr
              Depy. Suvr Genl and dated the 3 of March 1767 I have admeasured &
              laid out unto Warren Jackson a tract of Land Containing one hundred
              acres situate in Craven County in the fork of Congaree & Wateree
              rivers on a place where he now lives bounding on all sides on vacant
              Land & hath such shape form & marks as the above platt represents.
              Given under my hand this 11th March 1767.

              George Strother
              vide order 4 Apl 1769
              for William Fox








                                                 b


                                              s,

                           ' ; .

                                 ;s "° '''




                                    r 











  rThe above was copied by Emma Shirley Fox Faucette from the Colonial
   Plat Book, South Carolina Department of Archives and History, Columbia.]









                                                                          53
Exhibit 7



              MILITARY RECORD OF WILLIAM FOX



WILLIAM FOX AA 2527                        (Outside of folder)
              N° 62 (or
No. 280 ) 15th August
Lib W ) 1785

William Fox, for 246 days
as horseman, Cattledriver and
afsistant to the Forage Master
at 20/? f: day from 10th May 1781
to 3 Novem 1782

Charged L 35..2..10 1/4 s
   lefs 1 day 2..10  /4 s

        L 35
Thirty-five pounds sterling


         signed
           ??  245
              9. 00

                                                                         54
Military Record of William Fox (Continued)
  1781)                                         State South Carolina to William Fox Debtor [?]
      )                                         To service done at Ancrums (under the
                                                command of Capt. John Cook from the
                                                10 Day of May to the 10 Day of June continuing [?
                                                Days inclusive 30 Days Horseman @ 20/ per day       L 30

                              (2 more)
1782 )     To service done at McCords Ferry under
Januy)     the command of Capt. John McCord from
           the 1 Day of January to the 3 Day of July, both
           days inclusive    183 as cattle driver to the
           different posts @ 20/ per day - - - (1 more) [?]    L 183


    Oct                                         To service dun at Orangeberg under
                                                Command of Captn Willes Whitticar from the
                                                6 Day of October to the 3 Day of November, both
                                                Both Days inclusive 33 Days as assistant to
                                                To the Forage Master 4 lefs
                                                                       @ 20 f per day               L 3 [?]

                                                               L 246

           I do certify that the duty as
           mentioned above was dun in my redgt [?]


                               Thos Taylor [?]  Co Co


    [?]                                         Before me  personally
                                                appeared the above said William Fox and
                                                made oath that the above amt against
                                                the Publick is t  and true and that
                                                no part thereof has been received nor
                                                other satisfaction for the above service


Sworn to the 2/ day                          Wm   x   Fox
of Augs 1784 before
               J p                               mark


Received 15th August 1785 full satisfaction for the above
in a Treasury Indent No. 280

                                      Lefs W.  [?]
                               (by virtue of an order
                                for William Fox

L 35.0...0                                                                          David McCord

                                                                         55



            WILLIAM FOX    AA 2527 - Revolutionary Service


246 days from 10th
May 1781 to 3d
1782                              L                35.2.10 f

Mr. William Fox
   3 day more [?]
      1 to be deduct [?]                              2.10 f

                                   L    35


As Horseman
Cattledriver
afsistant o
Forage Mas @ 20/ [f?]   p day





Gent   Please Deliver  Mr. [?] David McCord any Indents
that may be made out in any of our names.


Certified Before Me                    Robt Howell 185 Q [?]
this 27th August 1785
   Rich Brown J.P.                                       his

                                    William   x   Fox    200 W [?]
                                             mark
                                             his
                                    Henry     x   Carter   37 9 W  [?]
                                             mark

To
Edward Blake )
Peter Bocquet)  Esqr

Joint Public Treafurer
   Cha.Ton   [Charles Town?]


[In July 1970 Emma Shirley Fox Faucette and Shirley Faucette visited Leola
T. Perry (Mrs. J. Morton Perry) of Ridgeland, S.C.  She, her sisters Aline
T. McTeer and Matt T. Ike, and her cousin (and sister-in-law) Grace Fox
Perry, are members of the D.A.R., through a William Fox of South Carolina.
Although she gave Indent No. 280 as reference for the military service of
her ancestor, she states that her William Fox was born in Dublin, Ireland,
April 6, 1752, and "came to this country with the English in 1776", later
settling at Georges Station, S.C.  Me married Mrs. Margaret Walden (a
widow) on July 8, 1785, and was the father of three children.]

                          SECTION IV.


HENRY FOX OF SOUTH CAROLINA, ALABAMA, AND MISSISSIPPI           Page 56
    (b. 1768i d. 1852j wife, Sarah Harrell)

    Exhibit 1 Letter from Priscilla Virginia Fox Starr          Page 60
               dated June 6, 1902, to her half-brother,
               James Israel Fox

    Exhibit 2 Letter from Carl Fox, dated August 18,            Page 63
                1902, to his brother, Lee Fox

    Exhibit 3 Letter from Carl Fox, dated December 4,           Page 65
               1 904, to El eanor Fox Ponder

    Exhibit 4 Letter from Carl Fox, dated December 2,           Page 69
               1 954, to James C. Fox

    Exhibit 5 Letter from Carl Fox, dated December 17,          Page 71
               to Mrs. Dot Fox Mallory

    Exhibit 6 Preface by Carl Fox to Genealogy Compiled by      Page 74
               His Sister, Bessie Fox Truly, written circa
               1930. Excerpts from Mrs. Truly's Genealogy.

    Exhibit 7 Excerpt from Goodspeed's "Biographical and        Page 81
               Historical Memoirs of Mississippi"

    Exhibit 8 Excerpts from "Trailing the Foxes", by            Page 82
               James C. Fox, Monticello, Arkansas

    Exhibit 9 Notes on Jacob Fox Family, by Z. F. Shelton       Page 89

    Exhibit 10 Notes on Malachi Fox as told to John Henry       Page 91
               Fox, Jr., by His Father, son of Malachi Fox

    Exhibit 11 Notes on Malachl Fox as told to Eleanor          Page 93
               Fox Pennington by Her Father, Will Fox,
               Son of Malachi Fox

    Exhibit 12 Notes on Dorcas Fox Mills                        Page 96

    Exhibit 13 Will of Ann (Nancy) Johnson and Known            Page 97
               Genealogy of Johnson-Hughes Connections

    Exhibit 14 Text of Historical Marker at Fox Cemetery        Page 105

      Exhibit 15  Children of Henry Fox and Sarah Harrell Fox Page 106

                                                                         56




                    HENRY FOX OF MISSISSIPPI


          Henry Fox is thought to have been born in Richland County,
South Carolina, on June 12, 1768, and he may have been the oldest child
of William and Sarah Carroll Fox.  He died January 18, 1852, in Webster
County, Mississippi.

          In South Carolina, Henry Fox settled on or near his father's
place in Richland County, and he married Sarah Harrell, also thought
to be from Richland County.  The date of marriage of Henry Fox to Sarah
Harrell is not known, but it was presumably in the late 1780's or 1790,
as their family Bible shows "William, first born of Henry and Sarah Fox,
born March 6, 1791".

          As discussed in Section I of this "Collection of Fox Data",
Sarah Harrell is thought to have been the daughter or granddaughter of
John or William Harrell who married in North Carolina in the mid 1700's
to Unity Fox of North Carolina.  It is speculated that this Unity Fox
was the "Noona" shown as a daughter of William and Sarah Avent Fox of
Brunswick County, Virginia, in William Fox's will.

          Henry and Sarah Fox remained in Richland County, South Carolina,
until about 1814, when they, along with their children, their children's
families, and other relatives, moved to Cocke County in East Tennessee.
All of their children, except possibly the youngest daughter, Dorcas,
were born in South Carolina, and several of them had married and had
children before leaving South Carolina.

          When Henry Fox emigrated from South Carolina to Tennessee,
the group included his children and their families, the Wooten family
(Henry's son William married Priscilla Wooten, and another son, John,
married Rebecca Wooten, sister of Priscilla); Mrs. Ann (Nancy) Johnson,
the widow of Benjamin Johnson, and her children Unity Johnson Brent,
Elizabeth Johnson Brent (who later married Henry's son Thomas Fox),
Dorcas Johnson Hughes (wife of Jesse Hughes) and family, Joseph Johnson,
and John C. Johnson; and possibly others.

          As discussed in Section I, Benjamin Johnson is speculated to
have been the son of Benjamin Johnson and Mary Claiborne Fox, who was
another daughter of William and Sarah Avent Fox.  An abstract of the
will of Benjamin Johnson and a copy of Ann Johnson's will are included
as Exhibit 13 of this section.

          All these families remained in Tennessee a few years, and it
was during this time that Henry's father, William Fox, died in South
Carolina about 1816.  Henry evidently returned to Richland County,
South Carolina, and executed a document December 6, 1816, renouncing
his executorship of his father's will, stating:

    "I am now living over the mountains and hath for some time lived
    there, so that it is Quite Inconvenient for me to act in behalf
    of his property...."

                                                                          57


        A copy of this document is included in Section III, Exhibit 1.
Mr. Z. F. Shelton, of Montgomery, Alabama, a descendant of Henry's son
Jacob Fox, called attention to the fact that Henry's location in Cocke
County, Tennessee, was just over the highest hump in the Great Smoky
Mountains, "...and he was not joking when he said I am now living over
the mountains!"  It is said that this area was very rough country and
that after seeing a fight between two women at a public gathering,
Henry Fox moved to Tuscaloosa, Alabama, probably about 1819.

        Alabama records indicate many marriages, land transactions,
census records, etc., for the numerous family groups that settled in
Alabama.  Z. F. Shelton has stated that records are on file for the sale
by William and Priscilla Fox of land in Tuscaloosa on June 27, 1832.
William and Priscilla Fox's oldest son, Malachi Fox, and his wife Ann
(Nancy) Hughes Fox, are also shown as selling land to Malachi's grand-
father, Henry Fox, in Tuscaloosa County on November 23, 1833.  These
transactions may indicate that William and Malachi sold their land
about the time they came to Mississippi and that William's father, Henry
Fox, remained in Alabama a short time longer before moving to Mississippi.
James C. Fox of Monticello, Arkansas, secured the following description of
property owned by Henry Fox in Tuscaloosa County:  "West half of Northwest
quarter of Section 7, Township 20, Range II West."  On December 8, 1957,
James C. Fox stated that this land was owned by Mrs. E. S. Price, and was
reached by turning north a few miles west of Tuscaloosa on Moone's Bridge
Road.

           It is traditional in the family of Malachi Fox, son of William
and Priscilla Wooten Fox, that William was the first Mayor of Tuscaloosa,
Alabama.  A further tradition is that William Fox was responsible for set-
ting out the large oaks which now line many streets of Tuscaloosa.  An
interesting account of early Tuscaloosa is contained in Matthew William
Clinton's Tuscaloosa, Alabama--Its Early Days 1816-1865, published in
1958.  He states that its earliest records of a mayor are in 1828, but
names of previous city officials are not known.  There are indications of
town meetings as early as January 1820.  Similarly, the records are incom-
plete regarding the planting of the oak trees in the city, but he states
"The accounts agree that the planting of oaks was begun in the 1830's and
that the city government, in some way, promoted the project."  It is also
said that William Fox once had a contract to set out evergreens "in a town
that is now called Evergreen, Alabama".  Evergreen, Alabama, is the county
seat of Conecuh County, Alabama, in southwestern Alabama.  William's brother,
John Fox who married Rebecca Wooten sister of William's wife) is said to
have settled "with his wife's people" in either Wilcox or Conecuh County.
No record has been located in Wilcox County, but an early census record
lists a Dr. Cunningham in Conecuh County who listed "Mary Fox" as a member
of the household.  John Fox's daughter is said to have married "a Dr.
Cunningham".

           About 1835, at approximately 67 years of age, Henry and Sarah
Fox and several children and their families moved to Choctaw County, Miss.,
formed 1833, and settled in that portion which is now Webster County near
Slate Springs.  His oldest son William had left Alabama earlier and settled
at DeKalb, Miss.  Sons John and Jacob and daughter Dorcas Fox Mills remained
in Alabama, but the remaining children settled near Henry, and Jacob came to
Mississippi about 1866.  See Exhibit 12 for information on Dorcas Fox Mills.

_




                                                                                      58




                      Henry Fox, his wife, and many of his family were charter members
            of Bethany Baptist Church, organized near Slate Springs in 1836, and he
            and several sons were among the first deacons, and were prominent members,
            as shown by minutes of this church.  [Minutes of this church are on file
            in the archives of the Mississippi Baptist Historical Commission, located
            at Mississippi College, Clinton, Mississippi.  Much information of
            interest to the Fox Family was copied from these minutes by Mrs. Emma
            Shirley Fox Faucette for inclusion in previous collections of information
            prepared for the Fox Family Reunion group.]

                      Henry Fox, his wife, Sarah Harrell Fox, and several of their
            children are buried in the family cemetery on his homeplace near Slate
            Springs, Mississippi.  A historical marker was placed at the site in 1960
            by members of the annual Fox Family Reunion in Missisissippi.  For the
            text of this marker, see Exhibit 14 of this section.

                      James C. Fox, in his booklet "Trailing the Foxes", written
            during the 1950's, states:

                "The tradition comes to this writer that he [Henry came to be
                called 'Grandpappy Henry' late in life, being as he was, sire
                of all the Fox family of and near Slate Springs, Miss.,...with
                wife, four sons, two daughters, their families and perhaps several
                families of friends as they were among the very first settlers in
                that part of the state."  [Excerpts from "Trailing the Foxes" are
                included in Exhibit 8 of this section.]

                      In Exhibitlis a letter written in 1902 by Priscilla Virginia
           Fox Starr (1836-1913), great-granddaughter of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox.
           In this letter, Mrs. Starr recounts stories and traditions she remembers
           hearing from her grandfather, William Fox, oldest son of Henry and Sarah
           Fox, and from her father, Malachi Fox, the oldest son of his father.  In
           addition, Mrs. Starr comments on the double relationships in her family:
           her mother, Ann (ancy) Hughes Fox, was a daughter of Jesse and Dorcas
           Johnson Hughes, and a sister of other Hughes daughters who married Fox
           men; her grandmother, Priscilla Wooten, wife of William Fox, was a sister
           of Rebecca Wooten who married William's brother, John Fox. She says:

                "When our great-grandfather emigrated from South Carolina to Alabama,
                our grandfather William had married and had one or two children
                (maybe three), the oldest being our own dear father [Malachi Fox].
                His mother's family [Priscilla Wooten Fox] and my mother's family
                [Ann (Nancy) Hughes Fox] who were S.C. neighbors and relations, all
                came to Alabama a' the same time.  Was not that a mighty caravan,
                with their covered wagons and negroes, etc., such as I have often
                seen going to La., Ark., and Texas, but as you have never seen as
                you are such a 'fin de siecle' boy.

                "In the course of events our great-grandfather moved up to what was
                then the line between Choctaw and Grenada Counties in this state -



_




                                                                                      59




                most of his children went with him.  His son Jacob remained in
                Alabama, his son William came to Kemper County, Mississippi.  My
                mother's parents [Jesse and Dorcas Johnson Hughes] also came to
                Choctaw County, which is now Webster county or just on the line
                between what is now Webster and Calhoun...."


                      It is of interest to note the comments of Mr. Joseph E.
            Steadman given on page 57 of his book, concerning the South Carolina
            1790 census not having been completed until February 1792.  Henry Fox
            is shown in this census for Camden District, Richland County, South
            Carolina, as head of a household having one male over 16, one male
            under 16, and one female.  This census was evidently made subsequent
            to the birth of their son William, born March 6, 1791, recorded in the
            family Bible as "William, first born of Henry and Sarah Fox, born
            March 6, 1791".

                      The microfilm of the 1810 Richland County Census checked by this
            writer was difficult to read, but it showed that Henry Fox then had
            listed a household composed of one or two males under 10, 2 males
            aged 10 to 16, 2 males aged 16 to 26, and one male 45 and up; 3 females
            under 10, and 1 female 45 and up; and 2 slaves, totaling 12 or 13.

                      The thirteen children of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox,
            together with their children, where known, are included as Exhibit 15
            of this section.

                      At one time, there was a mistaken impression that William Fox
            who married Priscilla Wooten was a brother of Henry Fox who married
            Sarah Harrell, rather than their son.  A letter dated December 4, 1904,
            from Carl Fox (1876-1958) to Eleanor Fox Ponder [See Exhibit 3]
            gave information about the Fox family as he recalled it from discussions
            with his father, Henry (Hally) Fox, who was a grandson of Henry and
            Sarah Fox.  He stated:

                "William Cof Richland County, South Carolina, who married Sarah
                Carroll] had a son Henry, who was called Hal or Hally, my great-
                grandfather, and a son William who was Mrs. Starr's grandfather....
                I do not know whether William (the first) and his wife had any
                other children besides Hally and William (the second) or not....
                You will notice that Mrs. Starr has it that William II, your
                great-grandfather and Hally II, my great-grandfather, were the
                brothers of my grandfather Thomas...; but this is a mistake....

                I'I must not forget to say that it is possible that I am mistaken
                in saying that your great-grandfather William was a brother of my
                great-grandfather Hally.  It may be that William, your great-
                grandfather was a son of Hally, my great-grandfather."

                      The latter paragraph is correct, rather than the preceding
             information, and Mrs. Starr was correct in her statement.  This is included
             here in order to clear up any misunderstanding that might result from
             extant copies of the 1904 letter.



_





             Exhibit 1                                                                 60





                          LETTER FROM PRISCILLA VIRGINIA FOX STARR
                            TO HER HALF-BROTHER, JAMES ISRAEL FO


                                                         Fannin (Miss.), June 6, 1902

             Dear Jim,

                       I received your letter yesterday and was glad to hear from you
             and am real proud of your children and of your apparent prosperity.

                       Now concerning the Fox Clan, I fear that I can give you but
             little satisfactory information, but will tell you what I know and have
             heard.  When I was about eighteen years old I spent a year with my
             mother's parents, who were related to these Foxes at what is now known
             as Slate Springs, about 30 miles from Grenada.  Then I have heard of
             many old family traditions from my dear old Grandfather Fox, who liked
             to talk of those things to us youngsters, up there at old Bethany Church,
             near our great-grandfather's plantation.  I've often seen the brick tomb
             that then (47 years ago) covered our great grandparents.  All around
             them were many graves of their descendants, most of these graves being
             short ones for I think all of their children were then living.  I had
             been told that the first Fox's who came to this country were two twin
             brothers, William and Henry, who settled in Virginia.  After a while one
             of them went to Maryland, and after another little while the one left in
             Virginia or his son, went to Maryland to visit his brother, or uncle,
             and got his wife there, a Miss Carroll, a niece or grandniece of "Charles
             Carroll of Carrollton", one of the signers of the Declaration of Indepen-
             dence.  He returned to his home in Virginia.  This couple was our great
             grandfather and mother.*  They settled in South Carolina near Charleston,
             where all of their children were born - were near neighbors and friends
             of the late Wade Hampton's grandfather.  Their children whom I have known
             were William (our grandfather), John (who married a sister of our grand-
             mother), Joseph, Henry (who was called Hallie or Hal), Jacob (who married
             my mother's oldest sister), Thomas (who was Fuller's and Manly's grand-
             father), James (the preacher).  The daughters were Unity (who married a
             Pryor) and Polly (who married a Denton).  These were my father's uncles
             and aunts that I know, and I think all of them.  When our great grand-
             father emigrated from Soutn Carolina to Alabama, our grandfather, William,
             had married and had one or two children (maybe three), the oldest being
             our own dear father.  His mother's famiiy and my mother's family who were
             S.C. neighbors and relations all came to Alabama at the same time.  Was
             not that a mighty caravan, with their covered wagons and negroes, etc.,
             such as I have often seen going to La., Ark. and Texas, but as you have
             never seen, as you are such a "fin de siecle" boy!




             *[Note by Shirley Faucette:  William and Sarah Carroll Fox were her
             great-great grandfather and grandmother.  Her great-grandparents were
             Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox.]

_




             (Letter from Priscilla Virginia Fox Starr - Continued)                   61


                     In the course of events our great-grandfather moved up to what
             was then the line between Choctaw and Grenada Counties in this state -
             most of his children went with him.  His son Jacob remained in Ala.
             His son William came to Kemper County, Miss.  My mother's parents with
             their children also came to Choctaw County, which is now Webster County,
             or just on the line between what is now Webster and Calhoun.  When I was
             up there they had become a host and lived in what is now the corners of
             four different counties.

                     Old Uncle John finally moved to Wilcox County, Ala. with his
             wife's folks - had one child, a daughter.  He, Uncle John, finally died
             a very wealthy man.  His daughter married a Dr. Cunningham.  I've heard
             nothing of them since the war.  In my young days they often visited my
             grandparents at DeKalb.  You see they were two brothers who married
             sisters.  It had always been the custom in the Fox family to name two of
             their sons William and Henry, until our father had to be named, and his
             grandfather insisted that he be named Malachi, so our grandfather had no
             William and Henry, but my mother had twin sons who were named William
             and Henry, neither of whom survived at the age of maturity, but when our
             own Will came his father insisted he be named William.

                     Well excuse my many digressions, but as I write these many little
             memories crowd on my mind and I get on things "furrin to the issue".

                     Now as to Fuller's immediate family, his father was a son of old
             Uncle Tommie.  Uncle Tommie married my mother's own aunt.  His son Henry
             or Hallie, married my mother's sister - so you see they were own cousins.
             Their older children, Manly, Fuller, Nannie, etc., were young folks with
             me and I was much attached to them.  They were very bright and quick
             intellectually.  There were several younger ones, for my uncle and aunt
             had a house full it seems to me, but they were younger than I, and I
             don't remember anything of the one you call Carl.  He may be a son of
             Uncle Hallie's second wife, for my Aunt Sarah died many years ago.
             Manly, the oldest son, died many years ago - taken in Mobile while study-
             ing medicine.  I corresponded with Nannie until the last few years.  I
             much regret that we ever gave up the correspondence, and if you get her
             address from her brother I would be so glad.  One of the sisters, Emma,
             I think, married a missionary.  You see these children of Uncle Hallie's
             are my own cousins through my mother, while they are yours and my second
             cousins through their father.

                     Our pastor here last year (a Mr. Allen - a student at Clinton and
             a great grandson of one of our father's uncles or aunts - I never could
             find out exactly which one) has told me a good deal about the family as
             he knows them, but seemed to know but little about those I know.  Our
             present pastor, Mr. Shepherd, also a student at Clinton, comes from the
             Fox country, and from what he tells me the younger generations are worthy
             descendants of noble sires.  As I knew them, they were people who were
             independent in worldly affairs, sober, honest, walked uprightly before
             God and man, thought the Fox family the cream of the human family - never
             dreamed of toadying to any man or asking any man, except a Fox, his
             opinion as to how they should act in any doubtful emergency.

(Letter from Priscilla Virginia Fox Starr - Continued)                    62


        I have certainly written a disconnected scratch and my memory
may have played me false in some things, but remember what my memory
has to carry since these long past days when we young Foxes went to
old Bethany Church where our Uncle Jimmie preached, or when others of
us sat about dear old grandfather's knees and heard him repeat many
charming tales of "ye olden times".

        Give my love to your dear family.  If I can give you any more
desired information, or make plainer anything I may have written, let
me know.  Many thanks for your kind invitation.  I may avail myself of
it some day.  My health is better than in the winter.  A letter from
you now and then would be a great kindness to me.

        Always your affectionate sister,


                                       P. V. Starr.

Nannie wrote me yesterday that Tom
had struck oil.






[This letter typed by Shirley Faucette from handwritten copy made by
Mrs. Blondie Fox Richardson, a sister of Carl Fox named in this letter.
Copies were made by several other persons, including one made by John
Henry Fox, Jr., which is essentially the same as this, but omits the
post script.]



 Exhibit 2                                                                                                          63



                  LETTER FROM CARL FOX TO LEE FOX


                                                       Vicksburg, Miss.
                                                       Aug. 18, 1902

Dear Lee:-

       Since coming to Vicksburg I have become acquainted with a dis-
tant cousin who is station agent at Bovina, a little place ten miles
from Vicksburg on the A & V Road.  I went out to see him one Sunday
and tried to trace our relationship, but he knew little about his branch
of the family because he left home when only about fifteen years old.
He became very much interested in the family history and afterward wrote
to an older sister, (half sister) who lives at Fannin in Rankin County
asking for information about the family, and two or three days ago he
handed me the letter he received from her in reply.

       As you are, up to this time, the only one in our family who have
any boys to continue the name of Fox, I enclose you a copy of this let-
ter, for it is full of information about the family that I know you will
want to hand down to William and Hally.  I already knew all that she
tells in her letter, for I have talked to Pa a great deal about the
family history.  He wrote it all out once, but the papers were lost in
some way.  He remembered very distinctly - in fact he was grown - when
his grandfather Henry (Hally) died.  His grandfather was a grandson of
the Henry (called Hally) who first came from England and settled in
Virginia, and he of course knew all about his father and grandfather,
and from him Pa learned about them.  Mrs. Starr never knew this grand-
father of Pa's, her great grandfather, for she speaks of his tomb being
there at the time of her visit to our people at Slate Springs, and she
has part of the history wrong.  This Hally Fox, our and her great grand-
father, was not a son, as she says, of the one who came from England,
but he was a grandson.  Here is the line of descent:

Henry (called Hally, emigrant from England)               [Note by SF:
William (Maryland)                                        See other records
Henry (called Hally, our great grandfather, Virginia)     for corrections.]

                                              _
Thomas                                                         William

'Hally 'Joseph 'Jesse 'Thomas 'David 'John                     Malachi

'Lee 'Jesse 'Carl ' 'Hally 'Fuller 'Sam                        Mrs. Starr

William 'Henry                                                           ' 'Wallace 'Manly


  'Smith                                                  'Granville 'Lamar 'Bettie 'Fannie 'L. Ella 'Blondie 'Dot

         l
Ester Lee   Carl


               'Willim  'Thomas

Letter from Carl Fox to Lee Fox (Continued)                              64


        William Fox, son of Hally, the First, was the one who went to
Maryland and married a niece of Charles Carroll, whom Mrs. Starr
speaks of.  This Miss Carroll, Mrs. William Fox then, was a very large,
strong woman, and once threw a Tory soldier bodily out of her house
during the Revolutionary War.  Her husband, William, fought under
General Marion.  The tale is authentic, for Pa got it from his grand-
father, who was her son.

        William Fox died in South Carolina, and his son Henry, the
Second, emigrated to Tennessee, and afterwards to Alabama then to old
Choctaw County, Mississippi, where he died.  I suppose Nan has seen
his tomb on Cousin Joe Pryor's place.  If he had been the son of the
first Henry, as Mrs. Starr says, he would have been an hundred years
old at the time of his death, which only occurred fifty-two or three
years, if that long, ago.

        You have two boys named William and Hally, as were the twins
who came from England.  Did you know Pa's name was Henry and that he
changed it to Hally after he was grown to avoid confusion with all the
other numerous Henry Fox's.  He was always called Hally anyway.  I do
not know whether you will be particularly interested in this or not,
but on account of your boys thought perhaps you might be.

                                Your brother,

                                Carl Fox.








[TyPed from copy made by Mrs. Blondie Fox Richardson.]



 Exhibit 3                                                                65




            LETTER FROM CARL FOX TO ELEANOR FOX (PONDER)


                                                          [Vicksburg, Miss.]
                                                          Dec. 4, 1904

 My dear cousin Eleanor:-

         I received your letter nearly two weeks ago and, I would have
 answered it at once, had it not been that I was very busy in Circuit
 Court and did not have time to giveitthe answer it deserved.  I confess
 with shame, my discourtesy in not returning your copy of the pedigree
 of the Fox family, from Burke's Peerage, but since it has been the
 occasion of a very interesting letter from my cousin and one that I
 appreciate highly, I must also confess that the edge is taken off of my
 penitence.  I return the copy with this letter, having made a copy for
 myself.  I also enclose a typewritten copy of a letter from your Aunt,
 Mrs. Starr, written to cousin Jim Fox, at Bovina.  My father always was
 interested in tracing our family pedigree, and when he was a young man,
 learned a great deal about it from his grandfather Henry (called Hally)
 Fox.  And I have often talked with my father, before his death, about
 it, so I suppose I do know more of the family history than any other
 member of my branch of the family.

         Mrs. Starr's letter has a great deal of very interesting infor-
 mation, but beyond her grandfather William, she has the pedigree mixed.*
 Here it is as given me by my father, who got it from his grandfather,
 who was a grandson of one of the brothers who came over from England to
 Virginia.

         Some time before the Revolution (how long before I do not know)
 two brothers William and Henry (called Hal or Hally) came from England
 to Virginia.  We are descended from Henry or Hally, as he was always
 called.  Henry had a son William, named for his uncle, I suppose, who
 married a niece or daughter of Charles Carroll, as stated by your aunt
 Mrs. Starr, and moved with his family to South Carolina, before the
 Revolution, living in or near the conjunction of the Congaree and Wateree
 Rivers.  He may have lived near Charleston at one time, as your aunt
 states.  He was a young man, or at least comparatively speaking, during
 the Revolution and fought under Gen. Marion.  His wife, a very large and
 powerful woman, once threw a tory soldier, who insisted in putting his
 hand in a newly churned jar of milk after the butter, bodily out of her
 house.  She had offered to give him a glass of the buttermilk after she
 had taken out the butter.  The tradition is that the officer in command
 drove the fellow away with jeers, telling him that he was not half a man.
 William's wife was a widow when he married her, with two sons - I think
 twins - named Elisha and Elijah and they were very wild and dissolute
 and spent everything their mother and William owned.*

*[Note by Shirley Faucette:  Some of these statements are incorrect, as he
 states, and reference should be made to correct information contained
 elsewhere in this collection.]



                                                                         66




Letter from Carl Fox to Eleanor Fox (Ponder) - (Continued)


          William and his wife had a son named Henry, who was called Hal
or Hally, my great-grandfather, and a son William who was Mrs. Starr's*
grandfather, and if your father and Mrs. Starr are brother and sister,
your great-grandfather.

          I do not know whether William (the first) and his wife had
any other children besides Hally and William (the second) or not.  I do
not know where William II. lived.  Hally II moved when a young man, from
South Carolina to Cocke County, Tennessee, but did not live there very
long.  While he was living there he saw two women who had quarrelled, have
a rough and tumble fight, while a crowd formed a ring and cheered.  This
disgusted him so that he packed up and moved to Alabama, Pickens County.
Hally II was married and had grown children when he moved to Alabama and
on the trip from Tennessee, which of course was made in wagons and horse-
back, my grandfather, Thomas Fox, who was Hally II's son, married his
cousin, on the way to Alabama*, who was a young widow with one child, a
boy.  She was the widow Brent or Brant, but her maiden name was Johnson.

          Hally II's other children were John, Joseph, Jacob, James,
Unity, Polly and David.  There may have been others but they are all I
can recall.*

          You will notice that Mrs. Starr has it that William II, your
great-grandfather and Hally II, my great-grandfather, were the brothers
of my grandfather Thomas, James, Joseph, John, Jacob, David, Unity and
Polly, but this is a mistake.* Hally II was their father and William II
was their uncle.*  My grandfather Thomas' children were John, Joseph,
Thomas and Henry, (always called Hally) who was my father.  Thus my father
was the third Hally in a direct line,* since the family came to America.
There are so many of the same name that it is very confusing.  For
instance, my father and his brothers, except uncle Tom, were all given
the names of their uncles, and uncle Tom was named after his father, my
grandfather.  With a little study, however you can get it all straight.

          I cannot tell you who were the wives of all my uncles and their
children, for it would take a week.  My father first married his first
cousin who was a Hughes and their children are Fuller, who lives at West
Point, [Miss.] Nannie, who is now Mrs. R. H. Conner and, Dee (Delilah
originally, I think) now Mrs. Davis who both live at Wordwell, in Calhoun
County, Miss., and both have grandchildren.  Emmeline, who is Mrs. Puthuff
and lives in Texas and Jesse, who was killed at the Battle of Shiloh when
he was twenty or twenty-one years of age; Manly who died a few years
after the war when he was about grown.  Their mother died before the war
and my father married my mother soon after the war.

          My mother was a widow McCord, [Tabitha Angeline Cooke McCord],
with two children, Jimmie and Virgie, when she and my father were married.
So you see, I have half brothers and sisters on both sides.  Jimmie is
now Mrs. James Pryor, with a married daughter and five other children,
two of these nearly grown.  Her husband, by the way is a grandson of my
grandfather's sister Unity, who married a Pryor.  My half sister Virgie

                                                                         67
Letter from Carl Fox to Eleanor Fox (Ponder) - (Continued)


married a Mr. James Smith and she died about a year ago.  My full
brothers and sisters are Jesse, professor of Mathematics at the A. & M.
College, Dr. Lee T. Fox, who lives at Water Valley.  You asked me about
him in your letter.  He is next older than I, but there was a sister
Grace, between us, who died when she was only a year or two old.  Then
comes myself, then Bessie, now Mrs. Ben Truly, living at Fayette, Miss.
Then Hally the youngest who is now in his third year at the United
States Military Academy at West Point, N.Y.  Jesse, Lee and Bess are
all married.

        My letter has grown very voluminous, although I suspect I have
left out many things you would like to know.  I have tried to give an
outline of the family history, and if there is anything you would like
to hear in more detail, and I can tell you let me know and I will be
glad to do it.  Of your branch of the family I know very little, although
I have often heard my father and uncles speak of different members of
your branch.

        Your aunt, Mrs. Starr can give you a complete history I have no
doubt.  Your grandfather, Mala Fox's name is very familiar to me.  From
your description of him, he was a true Fox, as I have known them.  They
are all high tempered, all very fond of reading, and all lazy, and since
I am talking to one of the Fox's, I will say that they are the brightest
and have the best judgements of any family of people I ever knew.  That
sounds egotistical perhaps, but it is a fact nevertheless.

        I must not forget to say that it is possible that I am mistaken
in saying that your great-grandfather William was a brother of my great-
grandfather Hally.  It may be that William, your great-grandfather was
a son of Hally, my great-grandfather. [true]  I wish you would write to
Mrs. Starr, or find out from your father.  Mrs. Starr speaks of her
great-grandfather Fox at Slate Springs, and of the brick tomb there of
her great-grandparents.  And the brick tomb she speaks of is that of my
great-grandfather Hally.  On the other hand, I don't remember ever hear-
ing that my grandfather had a brother named William.  I am going to write
to my folks and find out about it.  When we get this information, perhaps
we can figure out exactly what relation we are.

        Cousin Jim Fox at Bovina looks a great deal like my brothers, Lee
and Fuller.  I was mighty glad you sent me your picture and I think you
and my sister Bessie would look very much alike to a stranger, but you
know that one cannot see the family resemblance of his own people as well
as strangers.  I am sorry that I have no photograph of myself to send you.
Mine would not be a fair exchange for yours anyway; I would still be in
your debt.  Your cousin Albert is not so very anxious to get the picture
back, is he?  He can see the original of it and I cannot and I think I
shall keep the picture - at least until I am sternly commanded to return
it forthwith.  You are nearly as large as I am.  I am five feet ten
inches in height and weigh about one hundred and fifty pounds.  My eyes
are blue, my hair is brown, that is where it is not too thin to discern
the color.  I also am a great believer in plenty of exercise and have

                                                                          68
(Letter from Carl Fox to Eleanor Fox (Ponder) - (Continued)


been taking it in allopathic doses all my life, hunting, fishing,
football when in school, running, riding, rowing and swimming but I
am too busy now to keep it up, very regularly.  So I think we would
be very congenial.

        And now my cousin, I am going to close this little note and
next time perhaps I will write you a long letter.  I hope we will
meet sometime soon, when it will not be so tedious to trace our
kinship as it is with a slow pen.


                                                                Your Cousin,

                                     Carl Fox.



Exhibit 4                                                                69


              LETTER FROM CARL FOX, MOBILE, ALABAMA,
              TO JAMES C. FOX, MONTICELLO, ARKANSAS


                                                 2 December 1954,
                                                  CF :sfs .


Mr. James C. Fox,
 P. 0. Box 414,
  Monticello, Arkansas.

Dear Jimmy:

           Your letter of October 31 came in due time.

           I have had mimeographed and enclose a copy of my sister's
compilation of what knowledge she was able to obtain many years ago
about the Fox family, preceded by a preface that I have written
since receiving your letter.

           You will see on page 10 of my sister's compilation that
Henry Fox, the fourth child, born in 1798, of Henry Fox (the first
in Mississippi) and his wife Sarah, was the grandfather of your
Uncle Jerry Fox. She was not able to obtain full information about
his family and does not mention your father, but I am sure that what
she did obtain was correct.  And by the way, you do not state your
father's given name in your letter.  I would like to know it and
mention him at the proper place in my sister's compilation.

           I am glad to hear that you and Dot Mallory found the graves
of my great grandfather and your great great grandfather Henry Fox
and his wife Sarah.  In 1911 I was at Slate Springs and tried to find
their graves but was unable to locate them.  I would be glad to share
in the expense of the granite marker that you and Dot have arranged
for.  You refer to Dot as "Aunt Dot".  As a matter of fact she is
your cousin, being the daughter of my father's youngest brother, Dr.
Thomas Fox.  I do not know her Post Office address.  I have an impres-
sion that she and her husband Verna Mallory moved away from Slate
Springs to some other part of Calhoun County many years ago.  I want
to send her a copy of this genealogy, and shall be obliged if you will
let me know what her present address is.

           When I have more time I will add quite a number of descen-
dants of the first Henry Fox in Mississippi born since my sister's
compilation was made.

           I wonder if you have ever met Manly Fox, who is a grandson of
my father's brother John J. Fox born June 2, 1818, and who was my first
cousin on our mother's side.  His father was Sam Fox, so that he is

                                                              70


Letter from Carl Fox, Mobile, Alabama, to James C. Fox, Monticello, Ark.
                                                             (Ccntinued)


also a second cousin on the Fox side.  He moved to Arkansas many years
ago and was a planter.  He was older than I and is probably not now
1 iving.

          With kindest regards and best wishes for a good Christmas
and New Year, I am

                            Sincerely yours,


                           [signed]  Carl Fox



                                                      17 December 1954,
                                                        CF:sfs.


Dear Jimmie:

          I have had a pleasant and interesting letter from Dot Fox
Mallory, and enclose a copy of my reply of this date.  You will see
that I have sent her a check for $13.35 to pay one-half of my part of
the cost of the tombstone at the graves of Henry, Sr. and Sarah Fox.
I enclose a check to your order for the same amount - this on the
assumption that you and she divided the cost equally, and that there
were incidental expenses which I estimated would run the cost up to
$80.00 at least.

          Z. F. Shelton writes that he has assembled the records of
the family when they or some of them lived in Tuscaloosa County, Ala-
bama.  I intend to get a copy from him, and will be glad to send
copies to you and Dot.

          With best wishes for a happy Christmas and New Year, I am

                                        Truly yours,


                                        [s i gned ]  Carl Fox
Mr. James C. Fox,
 P. 0. Box 414,
  Monticello, Arkansas.

cc :  Mrs . Dot F . Mal 1 ory,
      Calhoun City, Mississippi.



_




             Exhibit 5                                                                71


                                      LETTER FROM CARL FOX, MOBILE, ALA3AMA,
                      TO MRS. DOT FOX MALLORY, CALHOUN CITY, MISS.


                                                              17 December 1954,
                                                                CF:sfs.


            Dear Dot:

                      I was delighted to get your letter of December 14th.  I
            enclose herewith a copy of the Fox genealogy, copies of which I have
            sent to "Jimmie" (James C.) Fox at Monticello, Arkansas, to one of
            our cousins, Mrs. Jimmie V. Phillips, at Slate Springs, and to
            another cousin, Z. F. Shelton, 1820 Graham Street, Montgomery 6,
            Alabama.  In December of last year Jimmie and Z. F. Shelton wrote
            Carl, Jr. at Jackson, Mississippi, under the impression that it
            was I that lived there, and some months ago I had a letter from
            Cousin Jimmie Phillips.  I had never heard of any of the three
            cousins, but have had some pleasant correspondence with them.

                      In 1911 I was at Slate Springs and spent the night with
            Cousin Jim Pryor, whose mother, as you know, was Unity Fox, our
            grandfather's sister.  He was then nearly 75 years of age, and was
            15 or 16 years of age when our great grandfather Henry Fox died in
            1852.  He had visited his grandfather and grandmother many times
            and told me many interesting things about them - among others that
            he had many slaves, the increase of a few that he bought or inherited
            when he was a young man.  Cousin Jim said that he had no interest in
            making money and that his slaves were a burden rather than a source of
            profit.  He never sold one except with his or her consent - usually
            when one married the slave of someone else, and that sometimes he
            would buy the husband or wife from his or her owner in order that
            they might be together.  Cousin Jim told me that he was not sure where
            our great grandfather and great grandmother were buried.  We tried to
            locate the graves, but were unable to do so.  I have had it in mind
            for a good many years to put a tombstone somewhere in the grave yard,
            even if I could not locate the graves, but never did get around to it.
            I am very much pleased that you and Jimmie Fox have done so.

                      Necessarily there was some incidental expenses in addition
            to the actual cost of the stone, $73.44.  Assuming that the total
            expense must have been at least $80.00, I enclose my check for $13.35,
            and I am sending a check for the same amount to Jimmie.  That is on
            the assumption also that the expense was divided equally between you.
            It is a pleasure to share in the cost.

                      Lee will be 85 years of age on his next birthday, May 7.  He
            actively practiced medicine until about three years ago.  He cannot
            see well enough to read, but he could still get about a little if it
            were not for his artificial leg.  He spends the daylight hours in a
            wheel chair.  His mind is clear and he still has the same keen sense
            of humor that he always had.

                                                                         72


Letter from Carl Fox, Mobile, Alabama, to Mrs. Dot Fox Mallory,
Calhoun City, Miss.  (Continued)


          Hally had a stroke a number of years ago and for several years
has been in the Veteran's Home at Biloxi.  He cannot walk but gets about
in a wheel chair.  He told me not long ago that the Superintendent of
the Home is from Calhoun County, but I have forgotten his name.

          Bessie is also wheel-chair-bound.  She fell and broke her hip
several years ago.

          Z. F. Shelton of Montgomery, Alabama, is a great grandson of
Uncle Jake Fox, one of our grandfather's brothers, whom you probably
remember.  Uncle Jake's daughter Julia Ann married John Gregg, and
their daughter Dora married        Shelton.  Z. F. is their son.  Z. F.
writes that his mother Dora Gregg is 88 years of age, lively, and in
good health.

          Although my family moved to West Point when I was about 12
years of age, I have a very vivid recollection our kin people and many
who were not kin around Slate Springs, particularly all of your family,
Uncle Joe and Aunt Ann, Cusin Sam Fox and Aunt Babe's family, the
Pryors and Spencers, the Mallory's, and others.  As you know, of
course, Aunt Ann and Aunt Babe were my mother's sisters.

          When I was a small boy I heard a story about Uncle Johnny
Fox that is still as funny as the first time I heard it, and it has
stood me in good stead many times when I could not recall someone's
name whom I knew well.  The census taker came around and found Uncle
Johnny on his front porch.  Aunt Louisa was back in the house somewhere.
After giving his own name, John J. Fox, he was asked his wife's first
name.  He had called her Ma since their first child was born.  He thought
for a minute, scratched his head, and turned and hollered, "Oh Ma, what
is your name?"

          My father's and mother's families were all healthy, and I do
not recall many visits from Uncle Tom [father of Dot Fox Mallory].  I
do remember once that I had a pretty bad case of chills and fever, and
after a hard chill and high fever Uncle Tom came, and I was greatly
interested in seeing him roll out a "blue mass" on the bottom of an up-
turned dinner plate, cutting the roll into a number of pieces and rolling
each piece into a pill, and then rolling the pills in flour mixed, as I
recall, with a little soda, and then makinga paste of quinine and water,
or some liquid, and rolling bits of the paste into pills.  Calomel
tablets and capsules came later.

          There have been many births and deaths since my sister Bessie
made the enclosed compilation of the Foxes and their kin.  She did not
have all the available information about your father's and mother's
familv when she made it.  See paqe 14.  I shall aPPreciate it if you will

1



                                                                                    73

          Letter from Carl Fox, Mobile, Alabama, to Mrs. Dot Fox Mallory,
          Calhoun City, Miss.  (Continued)


          complete it and bring it down to date and let me have a copy.  When I
          get around to it, I will add to my own (pages 8 and 9), my two sons-in-
          law and two daughters-in-law, and 12 grandchildren, 6 boys and 6 girls,
          and send you a copy.  As compared with our great grandfather's and
          great grandmother's 13 children, 7 boys and 6 girls, and their grand-
          children, it is not much of a showing.  My wife and I are fortunate and
          happy to be able to see all of them at frequent intervals, although our
          youngest daughter Bitsy (Mary Evelyn Maxon) and her family live at
          Muncie, Indiana, our youngest son Cottrell and his family and our eldest
          daughter Sophia Kenamore and her family live in Webster Groves, Missouri,
          a suburb of St.Louis, and Carl, Jr. and his family live at Jackson,
          Mississippi.

                    Carl, Jr. and I went to Slate Springs last summer for a few
          hours.  He wanted to see our old homeplace and the old grave yard.  Due
          to the new highway and abandonment of the old roads, we had some little
          difficulty in finding our homeplace, and when we did find it, the house
          was gone.  We found that our grandfather's marble headstone had been
          broken into two pieces.  I intend to have it put together in some way -
          perhaps set in a granite slab.

                    Sometime soon when I can get away I intend to go back to
          Slate Springs and to Calhoun City, and will see you, and Blondie and
          Tilden Pryor, if they are still living.

                    My wife and I are wishing you and Verner and all yours a very
          happy Christmas and a good New Year.

                                                    Sincerely,

                                                         Carl Fox



          Mrs. Dot F. Mallory,
           Clhnlln r.itv. Mississippi.

_




         Exhibit 6                                                                74



           PREFACE BY CARL FOX, SR., OF MOBILE, ALABAMA, DATED DEC. 2, 1954
                TO GENEALOGY COMPILED BY HIS SISTER, BESSIE FOX TRULY


                    Genealogy of One Part of the Fox Family
                    Originating in England and Coming to
                    Virginia, thence through South Carolina,
                    Tennessee, and Alabama to Mississippi,
                    and on to Other States.


                   Preface by Carl Fox, Sr., of Mobile, Alabama


                   The attached genealogy of the Fox line was compiled by my
         sister, Mrs. Bessie Fox Truly, of Fayette, Mississippi, many years ago.
         The personal pronouns "I", "me" and "my" at various places are hers.
         That part of her compilation derived from old family bible records and
         other unqestionable sources available to her among our own close kin-
         folk goes back with certainty to one of two brothers, William and Henry
         Fox, who came from England to Virginia at some time in the 1600's.  One
         of them had a son or grandson named Henry.  This Henry had a son William
         Fox, born in Virginia in or about 1730, who moved to the Richland Dis-
         trict in the fork of the Wateree and Congaree Rivers in South Carolina
         at some time prior to 1768.  The date of his death is not known, but he
         lived to be an old man.  William was the father of Henry Fox, born
         June 12, 1768, died in 1852, whose wife was Sarah Harrell, born July 30,
         1772, died                .  Henry and Sarah were born in South Carolina,
         but lived in their latter days in what is now Webster County, formerly
         a part of old Choctaw County, about two miles south of Slate Springs,
         Mississippi, and died there.  My sister Bessie's compilation traces
         their numerous descendants as far as could be ascertained down to about
         1924, or 1925.

                   There have been so many Foxes of the same name in the successive
         generations that confusion can be avoided only by close attention to the
         dates of their births and deaths.

                   The following is in part a repetition of my sister's compila-
         tion, but somewhat differently arranged.  I have been particularly inter-
         ested in the complex kinship between my father's children and the children
         of his first cousin Malachi Fox, one of the central Mississippi branch.

                   The pages of this preface are numbered A-l, A-2, and so on to
         distinguish them from the paging of my sister's compilation to which I
         refer several times.

                   Henry Fox (1768-1852) and his wife Sarah Harrell (1772-    )
         had seven sons and 5ix daughters.  Among the sons were William, their
         first child, and Thomas, my grandfather, their third.  See page 3, a
         opy of the record in their old family bible which. in 1911. was in the





                                                                               -

-


                                                                                  75

        Preface by Carl Fox, Sr. - Dec. 2, 1954 (Continued)


        possession of James Denton at Sabougla, Mississippi. His mother was
        Mary Fox Denton, daughter of Henry and Sarah.  See page 11.

                  William Fox (1791-    ), eldest child of Henry and Sarah,
        married Priscilla Wooten, an-hey were the progenitors of many of that
        branch in Rankin, Kemper, Hinds, and other counties in central Missis-
        sippi.  William and Priscilla had seven chi1dren (see page 10), among
        them a son Malachi, born in 1813, who married Nancy Hughes, daughter of
        Jesse Hughes and his wife, Dorcas Johnson.  (See Hughes family, page 17).

                  Malachi Fox and his wife Nancy Hughes had children (see page 10),
        among them Priscilla, born about 1837, who married J. P. Starr and lived
        at Brandon in Rankin County.  Malachi also had a son James Fox who i5 not
        mentioned at page 10.  He was much younger than his sister Priscilla, and
        he may have been a son of Malachi by a second marriage.  [yes  I met him
        a year or so after I commenced the practice of law at Vicksburg, Missis-
        sippi, in November, 1900.  We did not know just what our kinship was,
        except that we were both of the same Fox blood, and he wrote to his
        sister, Priscilla Fox Starr, for information.  She was then, in 1902,
        about 65 years of age.  Her reply is set out at pages 22 et seq.  As she
        says in her letter, when she was about 18 she spent a year with her
        mother's parents, Jesse Hughes and Dorcas Johnson Hughes, near Slate
        Springs.  That was about 1854-55.  At that time several of the children,
        many grandchildren and great grandchildren of Henry Fox (the first in
        Mississippi) and Sarah were living in that section.  Forty seven years
        later, when she wrote the letter to her brother Jim, she still had a
        clear recollection of what she learned from them, as well as from her
        own grandfather William Fox.

                  Beginning at page 25 there is a letter from one Joseph E.*
        Steadman of Washington, D. C., to my sister Mrs. Truly.  His investiga-
        tion of the records had been quite extensive and it is hardly to be
        questioned that the Foxes of Virginia and South Carolina mentioned by
        him were of the same origin as the Mississippi Foxes.

                  Thomas Fox (my own "Grand Pappy" Fox) born May 8, 1795, died
        December 29, 1876, was the third child of Henry Fox (the first in Missis-
        sippi) and Sarah.  Thomas married Elizabeth Johnson (the widow Brent by
        a previous marriage).  She was a sister of Dorcas Johnson Hughes, wife
        of Jesse Hughes and mother of Nancy Hughes, who was Malachi Fox's wife.
        See page 5 for the children of Thomas Fox and his wife Elizabeth Johnson,
        copied from his family bible now in my possession.

                  Hally (christened Henry) Fox, my father, born May 1, 1820,
        died October 16, 1896, was the third child of Thomas Fox and his wife
        Elizabeth Johnson (the widow Brent).  Hally and his brothers and sisters
        and Malachi and his brothers and sisters (children, respectively, of the
        brothers Thomas and William) were first cousins Fox.  Elizabeth Johnson
        Fox, Hally's mother, and Dorcas Johnson Hughes, wife of Jesse Hughes, were
        sisters.  Hally Fox (my father) and his brothers and sisters and the


       *[This is Mr. Joseph E. Steadman, Sr., now of Batesburg, S.C., and author
        of "Ancestry of the Fox Family", etc.]

                                                              76

Preface by Carl Fox, Sr. - Dec. 2, 1954 (Continued)


children of Jesse and Dorcas Johnson Hughes were, therefore, first
cousins on the Johnson side.  (For the children of Jesse and Dorcas
Johnson Hughes, see pages 17-18, among them Nancy and Sarah, and there
was another daughter, Grace, mentioned hereinafter.)  And the first
cousins Malachi and Hally Fox married the sisters Nancy and Sarah
Hughes, who were first cousins of Hally.  Sarah Hughes was Hally's, my
father's, first wife.  She died January 18, 1862.  Their children are
listed at pages 7-8.  (On November 20, 1866, he married my mother,
Angeline Cooke, the widow McCord with two small daughters, my half
sisters Virgie and Jimmie, who were no kin of my half brothers and
sisters by my father's first marriage.  The children of this second
marriage appear at pages 8 and 9.  The three sets of children were as
devoted to each other as if all had been full brothers and sisters -
even my mother's children by her first marriage and my father's first
children who were not related by blood.

          Going back to the kinship between the respective children of
the first cousins Malachi Fox and Hally Fox and their wives, the
sisters Nancy and Sarah Hughes:  They were second cousins of the Fox
blood, second cousins of the Johnson blood, and first cousins of the
Hughes blood.  And that was the relation between Malachi's daughter
Priscilla (Mrs. Starr) and my father's first children, some of whom are
mentioned in her letter to her brother Jim Fox.

          Malachi's children, and Hally's children by his second
marriage, were second cousins of the Fox blood, and second cousins of
the Johnson blood.

          Mrs. Priscilla Fox Starr probably attended the Slate Springs
Academy during the year she spent with her grandparents.  I do not know
when the school was established, but by an Act of the Legislature of
Mississippi, approved February 10, 1860, it was provided:  "That it
shall not be lawful for any person to sell any vinous or spirituous
liquors in any quantity except for medicinal or sacramental purposes
within three miles of Slate Springs Academy, in Calhoun county."

          There is an error at page 18 of my sister Bessie's compilation,
listing the children of Jesse Hughes and his wife Dorcas Johnson, where
it is stated that Grace, who married Thomas Macon, was the mother of
Willie and others.  They had a son, Tom, who died or was killed in the
Civil War when he was hardly more than a boy.  Grace died and Thomas
Macon married Elizabeth Warner, who was the mother of Will, Jim, Walter,
Mattie and Kirby.  I called her Aunt Elizabeth.  Kirby and I were about
the same age, and I was often at their home.  He and Walter died in
early manhood.  [Note by Shirley Faucette:  This "correction" should
also be corrected to show Willie S. Macon (b. 12-23-1865) as son of
Grace Hughes Macon who died about a week after his birth, approximately
12-30-1865, according to information which Willie himself gave to Z. F.
Shelton of Montgomery, Alabama (of Jacob Fox line).  Mr. Shelton had
Bible records on twelve children.]


Preface by Carl Fox, Sr. - Dec. 2, 1954 (Continued)


          I have been prompted to write this preface to my sister's
work by requests for information from three of our cousins, descendants
of Henry Fox (the first in Mississippi) and his wife Sarah Harrell.

          My sister's compilation follows:




[signed]  Carl Fox
          Mobile, Ala.
          Dec. 2, 1954

                                                                          78



              EXCERPTS FROM THE WORK OF BESSIE FOX TRULY


                             -1 -


          A persistent tradition in several branches of the Fox family,
 unverified by records, but true, I am sure, says that twin brothers,
 William and Henry (Hally) Fox emigrated from England to the Virginia
 Colony.

          A Henry Fox, or Hally as he was called, was living in Virginia
 in the 1750's.  He was the owner of considerable property.  How many
 children he had is not known, but he had one son named William who
 moved to South Carolina, probably about 1770, and settled in the Rich-
 land District in the forks of the Wateree and Congaree Rivers.  I have
 reason to believe that this Hally Fox also had a son named Thomas.
 For his descendants see page 15.

                          II Generation.

          William was a soldier in the Revolution under General Marion,
and was in the battles of King's Mountain and Cowpens (this was told me
by my father, who also said that my grandmother Fox's grandfather was
in the Revolution.  His name was Johnson).  William Fox had considerable
property, much of which was destroyed by Tories.  When he could get an
opportunity to go home to see his family he was compelled to lie in the
swamps in daytime for fear of the Tories, and his son Hally(Henry) who
was then 10 or 12 years old, would carry him provisions.  He lived to be
very old, probably 80 years, and in his old age took great delight in
rehearsing to his grandsons incidents of the war; the battles in which
he fought, the insults and cruelties of the Tories, etc.  He always
hated the Tories.  One story particularly he would often repeat, how his
wife rebuked the insolence of a British soldier.  "A squad of the
British passed the house while she was churning, and one of them demanded
of her the cream from the churn.  She refused but offered him as much
buttermilk as he wanted.  He stepped in, swearing he would have the
cream; but she, being a very strong woman and also a very resolute one,
caught him up and dashed him out into the yard.  The joke was such a good
one, that the officer in charge abused him for cowardice and made him
leave without any milk."  (The above is an extract from a letter to me
from Mrs. Emma Fox Puthuff, [her half-sister] but I have heard my father
tell this story many, many times.)

          William Fox had a son Henry, born June 12, 1768.

                             III Generation

          Henry Fox, b. June 12, 1768, died 1852, married Sarah Harrell,
b. luly 30, 1772. He settled on, or near, his father's place in South
Carolina, and remained there until 1814 when he removed to Cocke Co.
East Tennessee.  It was a very rough country, and after seeing a fight

                                                             79


Excerpts from the Work of Bessie Fox Truly (Continued)


between two women at a public gathering he moved to Tuscaloosa County,
Alabama, and settled on Sypsy River, 13 miles north of Tuscaloosa -
probably about 1819.  Possibly all of their children, except Dorcas,
were born in South Carolina.

         Henry Fox spent the last years of his life at his home in
Mississippi about two miles south of Slate Springs, Calhoun County,
near "Hally Hall" - my father's home.

         He was very well-to-do - owned many slaves - but cared too
little for money and property to take care of it and develop it.  He
had 13 children, 7 sons and 6 daughters.  The following is a copy of
records in his Bible - now in possession of the Denton family of
Calhoun County:  [Mississippi


         Henry Fox, Sen., born June 12, 1768.
         Sarah, consort of Henry Fox, born July 30, 1772.

                  * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


         William, first born son of Henry and Sarah Fox,
         born March 6, 1791.

         John Fox, born February 3, 1793.
         Thomas Fox, born May 8, 1795 (my grandfather) [Bessie F. Truly]
         Henry Fox, Jun. born March 11, 1798.
         Winnie C. Fox, born March 25, 1800.
         Mary Fox, born January 17, 1806.
         Joseph C. Fox, born January 25, 1802.
         Ann Fox, born January 10, 1804.
         Jacob Fox, born January 19, 1808.
         Unity Fox, born Mary 3, 1810 [should be April 3, 1810
         Agness Fox, born July 4, 1812.
         James Thigpen Fox, born May 30, 1814.
         Dorcas Fox, born June 21, 1816
           (For others of these than Thomas see page   9  ).
                         [end of her page -3-]



                                                                       1



                                                                          80
 Excerpts from the Work of Bessie Fox Truly (Continued)


                           IV Generation

           Thomas Fox, born in South Carolina, May 8, 1795, died
 Dec. 29, 1876, married Feb. 19, 1815 Mrs. Elizabeth Johnson
 (Nov. 18, 1790 - Nov. 9, 1860) Brent, widow.  Extract from letter
 of Mrs. Emma Fox Puthuff, relating what was told her by my father:

           "During the journey from South Carolina to Tennessee,
     about 1814, one of the teams took  fright and ran away.  The
     wagon was overturned and Elizabeth Brent and her child were
     thrown out.  Elizabeth's arm was broken and the boy's upper
     lip was cut open.  Thomas Fox then drove her the remainder of
     the way in the traveling chair in which his father and mother
     had been journeying.  Soon after settling in Tennessee these
     two were married, Feb. 19, 1815. They had a "big wedding."
     Here also Polly Fox (Mary, sister to Thomas) was married to
     David Denton of Tennessee, and perhaps their first child was
     born here, whom they called Joseph.  Cousin Martha Cooke was
     their daughter (see p. B  ).  Also Sarah Hughes (my father's
     first wife) was born in Tennessee."


           Mrs. Elizabeth Brent had two children when my grandfather
 married her - or rather, from the records, I think she had four
 children, only one of whom, William, was living (see below).  She was
 full Irish - her mother was born in Ireland.*

           Thomas Fox and his wife removed to Tuscaloosa County,
 Alabama, 1819, where he remained 15 years, then came to Mississippi
 to "Choctaw Co. and settled a farm on Sabougla Creek."  They had 8
 children, and I think all were born in Alabama.



                       [end of her page -4-]

*[It is likely that she was not "full Irish", as it is thought that
 her father was Benjamin Johnson, whose mother probably was Mary
 Claiborne Fox, daughter of William Fox and his wife Sarah Avent Fox,
 as shown in Section I of this collection.  Shirley Faucette]



                                                             81
Exhibit 7


                  EXCERPTS FROM
                   GOODSPEED'S
BIOGRApHICAL AND HISTORICAL MEMOIRS OF MISSISSIPPI



Volume 1.  Page 763

          "Dr. Thomas J. Fox, druggist and physician, Slate Springs, Miss.
The father of Dr. Fox, Thomas Fox, was a native of South Carolina, born
in 1795, and when a young man moved with his parents to Tennessee, where
he [Thomas Sr.] was married to Mrs. Elizabeth [Johnson] Brent.  She was
born in 1790 and was of Irish descent, her mother having been born in the
Emerald isle [Ann (Nancy) Johnson, wife of Benjamin Johnson].  She was a
number of years her husband's senior.  Their marriage resulted in the
birth of eight children, who are named in the order of their birth, as
follows:  Unity (deceased), John farmer at Slate Springs), Henry (at
West Point), Mrs. Sarah Lay (deceased), Joseph (merchant, married, and
resides at Slate Springs), Jesse H. (died in Texas), Dr. Thomas J.
(subject), and David D. deceased).  After his marriage Thomas [Sr.]
moved to Alabama, and remained there about fifteen years, and then
located on a place near Slate Springs, in Choctaw county, Miss....

          "His [Thomas Sr.'s] father, Henry Fox, was a native of South
Carolina and a descendant of a representative family of that state.
Late in life the latter moved to Mississippi, settled near Slate Springs,
and there died at the age of eighty-four years.  He [Henry] was a member
of the Baptist Church, to which he was a liberal contributor, and in
politics a stanch Whig.  His family consisted of eight children, most of
whom lived to be grown, married and have families." [Henry Fox had
thirteen children; Thomas Fox, Sr., had eight children.]



Exhibit 8                                                                82



  EXCERPTS FROM

TRAILING THE FOXES

                       ,

                             by James C. Fox


[The following excerpts are from narratives contained in a booklet
"Trailing the Foxes" written by James C. Fox, of Monticello, Arkansas,
and given to Shirley Faucette by James C. Fox a few years prior to
his death.  "Cousin Jimmie" was one of the organizers of the "Fox
Family Reunion" which began annual meetings in 1955, and he served
as the second president of that group.  He was intensely interested
in Fox history and is responsible for the gathering of information
on a large number of the descendants of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox.
He was a descendant of Henry's fourth child, Henry Fox, Jr., and his
wife Susan Doughty.]


          This brings us to Grandpappy Henry Fox, 1768-1852, who is the
ancestor of most all the Fox line in Miss., and whose descendants, true
to their tradition, have ever moved on to new frontiers.  They are
especially numerous in Miss., Arkansas and a host of them in Texas as well
as many other states west and north.  There are many, many related fami-
lies in Calhoun and Webster Counties, as well as some central counties of
Mississippi and they are to be found in all walks of life.

          What folk-lore the writer has been able to obtain will now be
carried along with the genealogy of the line and nothing is entered that
isn't considered authentic, as what folk-lore is given has come down
through different lines of the family.  The first years of Grandpappy's
married life seem rather stringent but that was only a few years after
the Revolution and could be in part because the needed things for house-
keeping could not be procured rather than not having the money to buy.

          Grandpappy Henry Fox was born in Richland District, S.C. 1768,
where he married and most of this thirteen children were born, later
moving to East Tennessee, where it is told that after seeing two women
have a fight at some public gathering, he decided to make another move,
going then to Tuscaloosa Co., Ala., where perhaps his last two children
were born.  In 1835 he moved with several children and grandchildren to
Choctaw Miss., now being Webster Co., Webster Co. being taken from a
portion of Choctaw.  [Webster County was formed in 1874 and the name
changed to Sumner, but changed to Webster in 1882.]

          The tradition that comes to the writer...is that he came to be
called "grandpappy Henry" late in his life, being as he was, sire of all
the Fox Family of and near Slate Springs, Miss.,...with wife, four sons,
two daughters, their families and perhaps several families of friends as
they were among the very first settlers in that part of the state.

                                                                          83
Trailing the Foxes - by James C. Fox (Continued)


Another son, Jacob Fox, with family and friends came to this locality
after the Civil War.  Grandpappy's first son, William, moved from Ala.
to somewhere east of Jackson, Miss.  (Brandon, Miss.) and became the
father of many descendants in that part of Miss.  [William Fox went to
DeKalb, Miss., Kemper County, and William's son Malachi later moved to
Brandon, Miss., Rankin County.   Another son, Eliab Fox, moved to
Forest, Miss.]  His son, John, moved to Alabama, somewhere east of
Mobile and lived out his life there and said to have become wealthy.
Records available give him as having only one child, a daughter.

          Folk-lore of grandpappy Henry Fox, as coming down through the
family of his daughter Unity Fox Pryor and the daughter of Unity Fox
Pryor, Martha Francis Pryor Golding, was told to the writer many years
ago by the husband of Martha Francis Pryor, John R. Golding, who was a
Civil War Veteran and is buried i Lone Sassafras Cemetery in Drew Co.,
Arkansas.  Tis said that when Grandpappy Henry and his wife Sarah began
keeping house, their bed was a cowhide and a quilt laid on the floor,
later building a bed with one end attached to the wall and legs under
the other end.  Tis said that they did, thier milking in some very large
gourds, also their churning in like manner.  Their table forks were
made from cane that grew in abundance nearby.  At the noon hour, during
the tilling of his crops, he would sometimes hobble his horse out to
graze while he partook of his noon meal and at times would do a bit of
fishing in the stream at his place before returning to the field.

          Quite a few years before grandpappy answered the final summons,
by his untiring efforts he had accumulated all of this worlds goods that
he wished, expressing complete satisfaction in the fulness of his life
and not wishing any more material wealth.  He turned over most of his
duties to his chief negro slave who also acted much as his personal
valet, laying out what suits he wished his master to wear when dressing
for any occasion.

          Grandpappy was a liberal church supporter and in politics was
a staunch Whig.  Tis said of Grandpappy that he was very kind to his
slaves and that in the marrying of slaves with those of the neighbors, he
would either buy or sell with them, whichever was the most suitable, so
that the slaves might live together, but that he never sold a slave
against his will.  Slaves were allowed to unite with the first Baptist
church of the community.  The writer has personally examined the original
records which carried the names of several colored members....

          Grandpappy Henry, his children and grandchildren and their wives
were prominent in organizing the first Baptist Church of the community,
the Bethany Baptist Church, now located in Slate Springs, Calhoun Co.  It
has been a continuous organization since its establishment July 16, 1836.
Grandpappy Henry and one of his sons, Thomas Fox, were among the first
deacons of this church.  For many years the family were very prominent
in the affairs of this church.  Today, though there are many of the
related families who make up a large part of the membership in this
hllrrh_ thr re nnne nf t.he Fnx nme.

                                                                         l

                                                                         84
Trailina the Foxes - by James C. Fox (Continued)


         Grandpappy Henry was sixty-seven years old when he made his
last move to take up life anew in the virgin forest, in the rolling hills
of Mississippi, selecting a tract of land with a nice running spring, and
building his house on a slight knoll, overlooking the spring.  There is
nothing today remaining to remind one of this house site, except one huge
white oak tree, that was evidently topped many years ago as its height is
small in proportion to its great size.  The spring, tho neglected, is
still running a nice stream of clear water and is used for stock.

         Grandpappy Henry and wife, Sarah, had been resting in unmarked
graves for one hundred and two years without a stone, but through the
kindly aid of their great granddaughter, Mrs. Dot Mallory, of Calhoun
City, Miss., and who is the oldest of the clan in Calhoun, and also by a
letter written by Priscilla Fox Starr in about 1905 (who was a great
granddaughter of grandpappy Henry) we have been able to positively iden-
tify their graves, which is near that of their daughter Mary Fox Denton
and her husband, David Denton, which have a stone marker.  The graves of
this illustrious pair are now marked with a nice flat stone, placed
there by Verner Mallory and the writer.  The cost of this stone was
shared equally by Mrs. Dot Mallory (Mrs. Verner Mallory), Carl Fox, Sr.,
now of Mobile, Ala., who is another one of grandpappy's great grandsons,
and the writer.  These graves are in a pasture now owned by Mr. Vardaman
Springer, about two miles southwest of Slate Springs, Miss., in Calhoun
County, but this cemetery is just south of the county line in Webster Co.



[Note by Shirley Faucette:  In 1960 the descendants of Henry Fox and his
wife, Sarah Harrell Fox, as a project of the annual Family Reunions,
erected a historical marker in his cemetery.  For the text of the marker
see Exhibit 14 of this section.l


                          * * *



         "Trailing the Fox line through Henry Fox, Jr., born 3-17-1798,
in S.C.  We have less on this fourth son of Grandpappy Henry than any of
his seven sons.  This Henry Jr., who is the great grandfather of the
writer [James C. Fox] would have been seventeen years old at the time
they moved to Alabama.  It is known that he married a Miss Susan Doughty
and had two girls and two boys when the family moved to Choctaw Co., now
Webster, and settled with several other members of the family near the
present town of Slate Springs, this town being just across the county
line in which they had settled.

         This Henry Fox, Jr., was one of the charter members of Bethany
Baptist Church at or near Slate Springs.  According to a letter written
by Priscilla Virginia Fox Starr in 1902, and relating events while she
was visitinq at Slate Springs in 1855, this Henry Fox, Jr., was still

                                                                          85
Trailin the Foxes - by James C. Fox (Continued)


living there at that time.  There is no accompanying name for his wife
in the Church records as in the case of others of the family and the
writer has found no grave with his name.  The writer's Grandfather,
Jacob Fox, had to be one of the two boys of this Henry Fox, Jr., as
they moved from Ala., as this Jacob Fox was born about 1829-30.  Jacob
Fox, nephew of the older Jacob, died in a Confederate army camp about
the year 1863-64.  No word or records has been found by this writer
as to what happened to tnis Henry Fox, Jr., and the other members of
this line of the family.  There are a number of unmarked graves at the
place where Grandpappy Henry and wife, Sarah, and Mary Fox Denton are
buried.  Some once, had shelters over them but seems that they have
been down many years.  Some just had "pailings" built around them, a
small wooden fence, but they, too, have been down many years.  It is
only a conjecture that some of these are this Henry Fox, Jr., and his
children.

          My most hearty thanks goes to Z. F. Shelton of Montgomery, Ala.
and another great great grandson of Grandpappy Henry Fox for the informa-
tion that Henry Fox, Jr., had the two girls and two boys when he migrated
from Alabama with others of the family to Choctaw Co., Miss....  My
father, David Henry Fox, was about ten years old when Grandfather Jacob
died in an Army Camp, my father being the oldest of the four children,
three boys and one girl.  Three of these, Father, one uncle and my aunt
migrated to Drew Co., Ark., with their families when the writer was at
the tender age of five and third child of the family.  Sixty years
later the writer returned to the place of his birth to meet the children
of Uncle Jerry Fox, who remained near the old home grounds and raised a
very large family.  It was on reading a History of the Bethany Baptist
Church, now of Slate Springs, organized in 1836, with many names of the
Fox Family, that the writer became interested in family history.  That
has led inquiries to individuals of a number of states, as well as data
secured from State Archives from three states and Washington.

          My father, David Fox (1853-1909) was the oldest of four
children in his family and had to share with his mother the care of the
other three and the family andwas thereby prevented from receiving any
schooling....  My Father became a good penman, a good reader, and true
to the Fox tradition was a Missionary Baptist and an ardent student of
the Bible.  He served as a Justice of the Peace for several years in
Arkansas and was highly respected by both the undesirable as well as the
desirable elements of society.  He fell dead while plowing, and his last
step was of normal length.

                          * * *


From Department of Archives and History, State of Mississippi, County
of Hinds, City of Jackson, 1-5-54:

  "This is to certify that the Official Confederate Military Records
  on file in the Department of Archives and History show that Jacob S.

                                                                          86
Trailing the Foxes - by James C. Fox (Continued)


  Fox was a member of the Thirty-fifth Regiment of Mississippi Infantry,
  C.S.A. and that he served as a private in Company I of this Regiment.

  "Witness my hand and seal this the fifth day of Jan. 1954.

                                          [signed] William D. McCain
                                                   Director"


                          * * *



          Joseph C. Fox (1-25-1802 to 6-30-1879) and his wife Margaret
Crossland (5-19-1808 to 5-30-1876).  (Her birth date shown elsewhere as
1805)  Married in Alabama.  They are buried in old Bethany Cemetery near
Slate Springs, Miss.  He migrated to Choctaw County with his family in
1835.  He was among the charter members of the Bethany Baptist Church.
He served as the first postmaster of Slate Springs, Miss.  There is an
old two-story log house on the property once owned by Joseph Fox, now
owned by a late descendant of the family, Lon Pryor, Jr., who has negro
tenants in the house.  As told by the oldest citizens of the community,
it was built by Joseph Fox.  The logs were hewn from very large trees,
hewn on four sides some six or eight inches in thickness and about
fourteen inches in depth, locked at the corners with dove-tailing.


                          * * *



          Trailing the Foxes through the line of James Thigpen Fox
(7-30-1814 to 9-22-1883).  He was a charter member of Bethany Baptist
Church and was ordained into the ministry in that church and served
them as their pastor for 30 years.  He received 431 members into the
church during his ministry.  Rev. Jimmie Fox was loved and revered by
his people as few ministers are.  Today the later generations of this
locality speak his name with reverence.  Rev. Jimmie Fox, after his
father's death, is reported to have lived in his father's log house
for a time, and the last white family to occupy it.  He went to Texas
and lived there for a time but came back to Calhoun Co., where he died
and is buried in the Bethany cemetery.  Rev. Jimmie's wife went back
to Texas after his death to live with her sister, somewhere around
Sherman, Texas.  She is buried out there.



                          * * 

                                                                          87
Trailing the Foxes - by James C. Fox (Continued)


          Dr. Thomas J. Fox raised his family in the southwest outskirts
of Slate Springs and bought the property from Thomas Perry Macon.  He
owned considerable land.  As told by his daughter, Mrs. Dot Mallory,
Dr. Fox twice offered his service to the Confederate Army and twice was
told to go back to the women and children of his community, who needed
him more than the army.  Also told by Mrs. Mallory of a raid the Union
troops made on his farm, taking all of his horses but one and later
returning for his last horse.  The doctor pleaded and begged in vain to
leave him his one remaining horse so that he might be able to serve his
community as their comforting docor, but as the Union troops were lead-
ing his horse away, being a Mason, he gave the distress sign to the man
in charge of the troops, whereupon the horse was promptly led back to
his quarters.

          Dr. Thomas Fox was loved and revered second only to the ministers
of the Gospel.


                           € .

                                                                         88
Trailing the Foxes - by James C. Fox (Continued)


          History of Bethany Baptist Church at Slate Springs, Missis-
sippi, written on the Centennial of the Church, on Aug. 6, 1936, by
Mrs. Jimmie Phillips of Slate Springs.  [Mrs. Jimmie Vance Phillips
was a descendant of Joseph C . Fox, son of Henry Fox and Sarah Harrel 1
FrY 1


          Bethany Baptist Church was established in Straughn's house,
supposed to be about one half mile west of present site of church, on
July 16, 1836.  The first building was erected two miles southwest of Slate
Springs where Bethany Cemetery now is.  The first building was of logs
with the board roof and the door facings fastened with wood pins.  The
seats were similarly constructed.

          The next building was of sawed lumber, built near the first
one and the old building was sold for 6.00.  The church was moved
into the present building in 1881.  The first pastor was Elder James
Martin and the first deacons were Henry Fox Sr., Thomas Fox Sr. and
David Denton.  The first clerk was Thomas Fox Sr.  The church has had
19 pastors, as follows....

          ...Rev. Jimmie Fox served as pastor for thirty years and
received into the church 431 members....  The records of the first
thirty-five years have been preserved and for the later period from
1918.  [Minutes of this church are on file in the Archives of the
Mississippi Baptist Historical Commission, Clinton, Mississippi.]

          The names of the members who were examined on the twelve
articles of faith and appear in the constitution were:  Oliver P.
Martin, Henry Fox Sr, Joseph C. Fox, Thomas Fox, John Fox, Henry Fox
Jr. David Denton, William C. Denmon, Travis Straughn, Polly Martin,
Unity Martin, Sarah Fox, Margarett Fox, Elizabeth Fox, Mary Denton,
Dorcas Johnson, Ann Easley, Celia Long, Dorcas G. Denmon and Ann
Crossland; Guy - Peter - Amy, Colored.  Presbytery; Medey White, James
Martin, Eli Langford; no descendants of the Martins now live in this
vicinity; Henry Fox Sr. was the father of the four sons - Thomas,
Joseph C., Henry Jr, and Rev. Jimmie Fox, two daughters Mary Denton
and Unity Pryor.

_





          Exhibit 9                                                                89



                           NOTES ON THE JACOB FOX FAMILY

                              by Z. F. Shelton, 1956


                    Jacob Fox was about six years old when his family moved from
          Richland County, South Carolina, in 1814 to Cocke County, Tennessee.
          The family again moved in 1819 and settled on the Sipsey River above
          Tuscaloosa in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama.

                    Jacob Fox was born in Richland County, South Carolina,
          January 19, 1808, and married in Tuscaloosa County, Ala., March 26, 1829,
          to Mary Ann Caroline (Polly) Hughes-Finnell, widow of Leroy M. Finnell,
          who was killed at Northport, Ala., December 12, 1827, while trying to
          separate two men who were fighting.  Mary A. C. was a daughter of Jesse
          Hughes and his wife Dorcas Johnson, who was a sister to the widow Eliza-
          beth Johnson-Brent, who married Thomas Fox, older brother of Jacob.

                    Jacob and Mary A. C. Fox had eight children, five of whom were
          born in Tuscaloosa County, then in 1841 this family moved to the Palmetto
          community in Pickens County, Ala., where the last three were born.  Of
          their eight children, seven were girls and their only son was John M.,
          who married and had only a daughter, Rosalie, who married a Daniels.
          With the death of John M. Fox went the Fox name in the Jacob Fox line.

                    One humorous incident that happened to Jacob soon after he moved
          to the Palmetto community is remembered by all the old families.  Jacob
          was going along the road near Unity Grove Methodist Church when he met
          another settler and introduced himself with:  "My name is Jacob Fox";  the
          other replied "My name is Jacob Coons" and they almost had a fight, each
          thinking the other was kidding him.

                    There are many valuable records on the Fox families in Tuscaloosa
          County but all records in Pickens County burned in 1876 and only Federal
          land grants and census records are available.  Jacob and Mary A. C. Fox
          lived in Pickens 25 years and all their children married there except the
          youngest,Angeline, who married after the family moved to Mississippi.
          Dorcas Bennett-Hollingsworth was the only child of Jacob who stayed in
          Pickens County and she is buried at Unity Grove.  After the Civil War, and
          in the fall of 1866, Jacob Fox and all his children (except Dorcas) and
          their families moved to Choctaw (now Webster) County, Miss., and settled
          in the community between Bellefontaine and Slate Springs where his father
          Henry and most of his brothers and sisters had settled in the 1830's.
          Jesse and Dorcas Hughes, parents of Mary A.C., had settled in Bellefontaine.

                    When the families moved to Mississippi, Joel Dorroh later known
          as Rev. Joel Dorroh), a grandson of Jacob and Mary A. C. Fox, was a lad
          only eight years of age, but drove a yoke of oxen in the "wagon train" all
          the way from Alabama to Mississippi because of the shortage of men in the
          Jacob Fox family.  Mary A. C. Hughes had only one son by her first marriage
          to Leroy M. Finnell, and this son, Leroy Jr., died in Pickens County, Ala.,
Exhibit 9                                                                89



                  NOTES ON THE JACOB FOX FAMILY

                     by Z. F. Shelton, 1956


          Jacob Fox was about six years old when his family moved from
Richland County, South Carolina, in 1814 to Cocke County, Tennessee.
The family again moved in 1819 and settled on the Sipsey River above
Tuscaloosa in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama.

          Jacob Fox was born in Richland County, South Carolina,
January 19, 1808, and married in Tuscaloosa County, Ala., March 26, 1829,
to Mary Ann Caroline (Polly) Hughes-Finnell, widow of Leroy M. Finnell,
who was killed at Northport, Ala., December 12, 1827, while trying to
separate two men who were fighting.  Mary A. C. was a daughter of Jesse
Hughes and his wife Dorcas Johnson, who was a sister to the widow Eliza-
beth Johnson-Brent, who married Thomas Fox, older brother of Jacob.

          Jacob and Mary A. C. Fox had eight children, five of whom were
born in Tuscaloosa County, then in 1841 this family moved to the Palmetto
community in Pickens County, Ala., where the last three were born.  Of
their eight children, seven were girls and their only son was John M.,
who married and had only a daughter, Rosalie, who married a Daniels.
With the death of John M. Fox went the Fox name in the Jacob Fox line.

          One humorous incident that happened to Jacob soon after he moved
to the Palmetto community is remembered by all the old families.  Jacob
was going along the road near Unity Grove Methodist Church when he met
another settler and introduced himself with:  "My name is Jacob Fox";  the
other replied "My name is Jacob Coons" and they almost had a fight, each
thinking the other was kidding him.

          There are many valuable records on the Fox families in Tuscaloosa
County but all records in Pickens County burned in 1876 and only Federal
land grants and census records are available.  Jacob and Mary A. C. Fox
lived in Pickens 25 years and all their children married there except the
youngest,Angeline, who married after the family moved to Mississippi.
Dorcas Bennett-Hollingsworth was the only child of Jacob who stayed in
Pickens County and she is buried at Unity Grove.  After the Civil War, and
in the fall of 1866, Jacob Fox and all his children (except Dorcas) and
their families moved to Choctaw (now Webster County, lliss., and settled
in the community between Bellefontaine and Slate Springs where his father
Henry and most of his brothers and sisters had settled in the 1830's.
Jesse and Dorcas Hughes, parents of Mary A.C., had settled in Bellefontaine.

          When the families moved to Mississippi, Joel Dorroh (later known
as Rev. Joel Dorroh), a grandson of Jacob and Mary A. C. Fox, was a lad
only eight years of age, but drove a yoke of oxen in the "wagon train" all
the way from Alabama to Mississippi because of the shortage of men in the
Jacob Fox family.  Mary A. C. Hughes had only one son by her first marriage
to Leroy M. Finnell. and this son, Leroy Jr.. died in Pickens County, Ala.,

                                                             9o



Notes on the Jacob Fox Family - by Z. F. Shelton (Continued)


in 1867, leaving his second wife, Lucinda Cook and their three sma11
children:  "Mag", Jesse and John Finnell.  Dora Gregg-Shelton stated
before she died in 1955 that "soon after Leroy Jr. died my grandfather,
Jacob Fox, went to Alabama and brought "Mag", Jesse, and John to his
home in Miss."  Joel Dorroh later married the girl "Mag".

          In the 1870's, some years before Jacob died, his daughters
Mary Prewitt, Martha Gregg, and Angeline Hicks, his son John M., and
all their families moved to Valley Mills, Texas.  This left three
daughters, Sarah Dorroh, Julia Ann Gregg, and Jerusha White living near
him when he died in 1884, Dec. 8.  Mary A. C. died Oct. 25, 1896, then
in 1903 Jerusha and her husband Henry White (son of Rebecca Shelton-
White) moved to Hartshorne, Oklahoma.

          These families were very religious, tenderhearted, and
sympathetic despite the hardness of pioneer life and have left their
marks of rigid morality on the communities where they lived and on
the descendant families.

                                           7- F- Shelton (1956)

Exhibit 10                                                                  91

          .



                     NOTES ON MALACHI FOX

      AS TOLD BY HIS SON, JOHN HENRY FOX, TO JOHN HENRY FOX, JR.


          Malachi Fox was Mayor of DeKalb, Miss. Papa says he was mayor
and Justice of the Peace everywhere he went. He was also first mayor of
Tuscaloosa, Ala., and it was he who had all the large water oaks set out
on the main streets of Tuscaloosa which are so large now. [Note by Emma
Shirley Fox Faucette, who copied these notes from her brother, John H.
Fox, Jr., says: Cousin Katie Fox Runge says it was William Fox, father
of Malachi, who was mayor of Tuscaloosa. This is believed correct, as
Malachi was born 2-10-1813, and would have been 20 years or younger when
he moved from Alabama to Mississippi, whereas his father William was
born 3-6-1791 and would have been in his early 40's when he left Alabama.]

          When he moved to DeKalb there had been a great deal of trouble
between the town people and some very rough people who lived in the
county round about, and the town people told Mala about the trouble when
he arrived. He told them that if they would stick by him they could put
a stop to all the fighting and hell-raising this rough element was con-     j
ducting. So they elected him mayor and he got his band together and         3
fought it out hand to hand with this element until finally there were
only two or three of them left. One afternoon Mala was alone in his
office and they told him they were tired of his bullying and they were
going now to get him once and for all. One of them began to sidle
around behind him, and just as he got in front of a window that was
pretty high off the floor, Mala made a lunge at him and toppled him out
the window, leaving only two to confront him. There happened to be a
hatchet on a stove in the room and Mala dived for it and brandished it
at the remaining two who fled incontinently.

          On another occasion, Mala had a man down in the street with a
strangle hold on his throat and was choking him so badly that finally
the man drew a knife from his pocket and slit it across Mala's wrist and
cut him so badly that all the nerves were severed and that hand was so
dead for forty years that he could knock a door down with that hand and
never feel it although his fist would be bloodied. He would even go to
sleep at nights smoking his pipe by his tobacco table and let the hand
fall against his table lamp chimney and badly burn his hand without
knowing it until someone awakened him.

         Mala told Papa [John Henry Fox] that the first cotton gin he
ever saw resulted from the fact that Mala's father William Fox went off
somewhere when Mala was a small boy and saw a gin and came home and made
himself a gin. Mala was so small he had to stand on a box to work the
bellows while his father William heated the steel and beat out the saws
and gin head for this gin. William's gin was the first in that part of
the country and they stacked everybody's cotton in piles in a wareroom
on the second floor and as it was ginned stamped it through a square hole
in the floor into a big bag hanging to the ceiling of the first floor.

                                                                          92



Notes on Malachi Fox (Continued)


          One day Mala and a few of his friends got into the gin where
everybody's cotton was piled separately and in playing levelled and
mixed everybody's cotton together.  The next day William pulled down a
piece of leather belting and told Mala he would have to whip him for
that.  Mala told him he thought he had grown too big to whip and didn't
believe he'd take it but would run away if he was whipped.  William
just hung the strap back over a ratter and never whipped him again, but
told him if he was big enough not to be whipped he was big enough not
to be destructive and thoughtless.

          Mala said that when the rough country element had all been
run away except one man who persisted in giving trouble, they made it up
to get rid of him.  A quarrel was picked with him by one of the townsmen
and finally it got so bad a duel was arranged.  Mala gave the townsman a
shotgun loaded with blank shells and the country badman a shotgun loaded
with red ripe polk berries.  Both shot, and the townsman's white shirt
streamed with the blood-red polkberry juice.  He fell to the ground
feigning death and kicking his last.  The others then told the country
man that he had killed the fellow and he had better skip.  He broke
away through the swamp and was never heard from or seen again.









    [The above account was written down by John Henry Fox, Jr., as
    his father, John Henry Fox, son of Malachi Fox, related these
    happenings.  These notes are from a copy made by Emma Shirley
    Fox Faucette dauahter of John Henry Fox.l

Exhibit 11                                                               93




                           EXTRACTS FROM

                       NOTES ON MALACHI FOX

AS TOLD BY HIS SON WILL FOX, TO HIS DAUGHTER ELEANOR FOX PENNINGTON



          Malachi Fox was born in South Carolina on February 10, 1813,
the son of William and Priscilla Wooten Fox.  He moved from South
Carolina with his parents, brothers and sisters, and other families
who were kin to them.  His parents stopped in Alabama for a while
but the rest went on to North Mississippi and settled around Slate
Springs.  Just where they settled in Alabama I do not know, perhaps
around Selma or Evergreen.  At one time Mala Fox took a contract to
set out evergreens in a town that is now known as Evergreen, Alabama.
He married Nancy Ann Hughs of Alabama and it may be that he and his
father came on to Mississippi together for both families went to
Kemper County, Mississippi, but one or the other may have gone there
first.

                         * * *


          Mala's first wife died and is buried at Cross Roads near
DeKalb, Miss.  Afterwards he married Martha Ellen Skinner who was born
in Greene County, Alabama, but who was then living with her people at
DeKalb, Miss.  Her mother's people were Jones and were Welsh.

                        * * *


          Grandpa Skinner was born in 1804.  After the marriage of his
daughter to Mala Fox, he moved next to their home at Fannin when he was
old.  Grandma Skinner lived with Dad's mother and father after his death.
She fell over a log and went on crutches afterwards.  She died at Eliza's
home Eliza Sanderson, sister of Martha Ellen Skinner] when Dad was
about twelve, (1882).

                       I  


          Soon after Mala and Ellen Fox were married they moved to Marion,
Miss., [Note was inserted by Eleanor Fox Ponder here which said"'Rose Hill'
was their place". and Aunt Mary may have been born there.  They lived at
several other places, finally going to Brandon where he had a general
store.  The Yankees burned him out and he moved to Fannin on a farm where
the rest of the children from Aunt Nannie on down, were born.  When Daddv
was about 10 (1880) he moved back to Brandon, Miss., where Dad went to
the old male Academy and to a school taught by a Mr. Myers. (?)

          Daddy's father had the first cotton gin in North Mississippi and
the first one in Alabama.  Mala often told his children about having to
work the bellows at the blacksmith shop so his father, William Fox, could
make some of the machinery for the gin in Alabama.  [This was not Will
Fox's father, as indicated, but his grandfather, William Fox, as is evident

                                                                         94




Notes on Malachi Fox (Continued)



          Mala Fox, esquire, was the eldest son of William [Fox] and
Virginia Priscilla Wooten.  He was born in South Carolina on Feb. 10,
1813.  When his family arrived in Kemper County he was four years old.*
He often said he was four years older than his adopted state of Missis-
sippi.  His only recollection of his native South Carolina home was
going to the split rail fence where the cow was milked, and finding
the calf rope tied to the fence, he decided to play the part of the
calf and had slipped the noose end of the rope over his head, when an
angry bull took after him.  He fell in trying to get away from the
bellowing bull, and when his father got to him he was choked uncon-
scious.  His father, thinking it best for Mala to learn by experience,
laughed at him.

          When moving to Mississippi in the covered wagons, they put
the demijon of fine brandy up between the feather beds.  Mala, to
amuse himself, would pull the cork enough to let the brandy drip into
his mouth as it sloshed.  He found it good and there is where he stayed
when he was tired of walking.

























          *[Note by Shirley Faucette:  While it is true that Malachi was
           four years older than his adopted state of Mississippi, it is
           thought that he and his family first migrated to Tennessee and
           then to Alabama before moving to Mississippi in the early
           1830's.  There is a record of Malachi Fox selling land to his
           grandfather, Henry Fox, in Alabama in November 1833.  See
           Paae 63.1

                                                                          95




                        EXCERPT FROM

                   THE BRANDON REPUBLICAN

                                  .

                Brandon, Mississippi, 1886



ANOTHER GOOD CITIZEN GONE


Again we are called upon to chronicle the death of one of our oldest
and best citizens, Malachi ("Mala") Fox, Esq., who died at his resi-
dence near Brandon on Tuesday last at eleven o'clock P.M.  He was
about 72 years of age and had been a citizen of Rankin County for
about 35 years.  He was apparently as well as usual a few hours before
his death.  He was suddenly stricken and at once seemed to realize
that the time of his departure was very near at hand, and resigned
himself with fortitude to the will of "Him who doeth all things well."
He died in full fellowship with the Methodist Church, and was, we
believe, a consistent member thereof.  He leaves beside his widow
and children many other relatives, and friends innumerable to mourn
his death.  May the turf rest lightly upon the grave of our friend.


[Born 2-10-1813, died 3-17-1886]       [Ed. Frantz, Editor]






                          Also from

             THE BRANDON REPUBLICAN      [date not known]


         Our old friend, "Mala" (Malachi) Fox, of this county (Rankin)
was appointed Foreman for the Federal Grand Jury at Jackson by Judge
Hill.  Three years ago he was appointed Foreman of the Petit Jury by
the same authority and was highly complimented by the judge and District
Attorney.  He is an honest and conscientious man and knows about as much
law (probably more) as the majority of lawyers.  At one time he was
mayor of DeKalb, Kemper County, Miss.  He was also a public officer,
Brandon, Miss., First Justice of the Peace, and Mayor of Brandon
1859-1863).


Typed by Shirlev Faucette from scraDbook of Eleanor Fox Ponder.l

 Exhibit 12                                                                96



                       NOTES ON DORCAS FOX, WIFE OF BENAGY L. MILLS


         [The following notes on Dorcas Fox, youngest child of
         Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox, were given to Shirley
         Faucette by Walter S. Shuman, Jr., of Amarillo, Texas.]


           Dorcas Fox was born 21 June 1816.  She was married to Benagy L.
Mills the  9th of February 1832 by Thomas Fox at Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
There she lived until the end of the Civil War.  At the close of the War,
when the slaves were freed, she became frightened and decided to leave
Alabama as many others were doing at that time.  Although her husband was
still in service (believed to be a doctor in the Confederate Army) she
gathered her children together and left for Texas in a covered wagon.
She was later joined by her husband and settled in Denton County, Texas
in Shiloh community.  The 1880 census shows her living with her eldest
son James H. Mills.  She died later that year and is now buried in Shiloh
cemetery located about ten miles west of Lewisville, Texas.



            EXCERPTS FROM THE OBITUARY OF DORCUS MARIE MILLS KNIGHT


           Death claimed Mrs. Dorcus Marie "Grandmother" Knight, 97,
Swisher county's oldest citizen, Friday night, Nov. 5, 1943...in the
Valley View [Texas] community....

           Shortly after her marriage, her husband became a Confederate
soldier in the company known as the "Tuscaloosa Plowboys".  At the close
of the war, she and her husband migrated to Texas in a wagon in 1865.
They settled in Johnson County for seven  years, later homesteading in
Eastland County.  Coming to Swisher County in 1891, they were among the
pioneers of this section of the Plains.  Their first home was a dugout
east of Vigo Park.  Five years later they bought a place in the Salem
community, paying $350.00 for a fenced section which was well improved
for those days.  A fair conditioned three room house with a pantry, porch
and two windmills were included on the new location.  Here she experienced
all that went with a pioneer life on the plains....  Listening to incidents
of her life one clearly sees "Time Marching On" from pre-Civil War days,
through the war, through Indian strife, the Spanish-American War and the
World War, for her life covered almost a century of time.  She saw the
slaves freed and knew first hand, what those re-construction days meant
to the South.  She lived in Texas when it was a young state having its
Indian troubles and told of the fear of the red man.  She lived near Blue
Mound on Indian Creek when the Indians were so depredating there.  She
told of hiding her children under the floor of her home when the Indians
were near.  She knew the "West" when it was full of hardships for the
pioneer....

[Dorcas Marie Mills Knight, wife of Ellis Gore Knight, and daughter of
Benagy and Dorcas Fox Mills.]

       Exhibit 13                                                                97




                              WILL OF ANN JOHNSON


             (Dated February 3, 1821 - Probated October 15. 1825

I                 In the name of God Amen; I Ann Johnson of the State of Tennessee
and County of Cocke being sick and weak in body but of perfect mind, thanks
be given unto God.  Calling to mind the mortality of my body that it is
appointed for all men once to die do make and ordain this my last will and
testament that is to say principally and first of all I give and recommend
my soul into the hands of almighty God that gave it and my body I commend
to the earth to be buried in a decent Christian burial at the discretion
of the Executors nothing doubting but at the General Resurrection I shall
receive the same again by the mighty power of God; and as touching such
worldly Estate which it has pleased God to bless me in this life I give
demur and dispose of the same in the following manner and form principally
and first of all my just debts and funeral charges to be paid; secondly
I give and bequeath unto my son John C. Johnson my land lying on the
French Broad River and my negro man Jim and all my stock of cattle.  And
I do give unto the children of my daughter Unity, deceased, namely John
Brent, William Brent, James Brent, and Thomas Brent one hundred dollars
each which the said John C. Johnson is hereby compelled to pay to the
above named children in consequence of his receiving the above mentioned
land and negro and cattle, the childrens' money to be paid to them by
the said John C. Johnson when each shall reach the age of twenty one
years and not before.  Thirdly I give and bequeath unto my daughter
Elizabeth Fox my negro boy Peter.  Fourthly I do give and bequeath unto
my daughter Dorcas Hughes Five Hundred Dollars which John C. Johnson is
hereby compelled to pay to Dorcas Hughes for which reason I do give and
bequeath all my stock of hogs, horses and all my household & kitchen
furniture, together with all the debts now owing to me and all the crop
and plantation tools and every other individual except 25 cents I do
give and bequeath unto my son Joseph Johnson which John C. Johnson is to
pay to Joseph Johnson twenty-five cents and because I gave him half of
thelandon which he now lives, and I do hereby constitute and ordain my
son John C. Johnson and Moses Matherton Executors to this my last will
and testament.  In witness whereof I have hereto set my hand and Seal
this third day of February in the year of our Lord One Thousand Eight
Hundred and Twenty-one

                                                             Her

       Signed and sealed and acknowledged                Ann X Johnson Seal)
       to be the last will and testament                     Mark
       in the presence of, - Attest
          A. Millikin
          John Gillet

       State of Tennessee         Will probated 15 October 1825
       Cocke County

         [Above copied by Lucile Dorroh Burton from records in Tuscaloosa
         County, Alabama, in 1962, for Z. F. Shelton, who furnished a copy
         to Shirlev Faucette.  See notes on Paqe 104.1

                                                                         98



          NOTES BY Z. F. SHELTON CONCERNING ANN JOHNSON


          The above Ann Johnson was the wife of Benjamin Johnson, Jr.,
who died in 1805 in Richland Co. 5.C.  On Sept. 3, 1805 Ann and her
daughter Unity were granted letters of administration on Benjamin
Johnson's estate and Unity Johnson probably was born about 1784 to
have been of age to act as administrator and was evidently the eldest
and only one of the children old enough to act as administrator,
Will Book D.

          According to Mr. Steadman Ann and Benjamin Johnson apparently
had 9 children shown in the census but if so, all but the five named
above had died without issue before 1821.

          Soon after 3 Sept. 1805, Unity Johnson married - - - Brent
and her last named son, Thomas Brent was born in S.C. 6-12-1812 was
the one who married 10-22-1835 to Amelia Bell in Tuscaloosa Co. Ala.,
and were the parents of "Addie" Brent (m Brotherton), and "Addie" and
my grandmother Julia Ann Fox (Gregg) visited each other and called
each other "cousin" because "Addie's" grandmother Unity Johnson Brent
was a sister to Julia Annls grandmother Dorcas Johnson Hughes.  Unity
Johnson's sister Elizabeth also married a Brent first and Brent died
in S.C. and Elizabeth married Thos. Fox after they moved to Cocke
County, Tenn.  The Court Clerk of Cocke Co. advised me their records
burned "several years ago".

                                      Z. F. Shelton - 1962


(Will of Ann Johnson copied by Lucile Dorroh Burton, Granddaughter
of Emily Gregg and Joel Dorroh.  Emily Gregg was a sister to my
nrnfather John T. Greaa.  Z. F. Shelton. 1962)

                                                             99




           KNOWN GENEALOGY OF JOHNSON - HUGHES CONNECTIONS


NOTE:  Benjamin Johnson is speculated to be the son of Mary Claiborne
Fox and her husband --- (Benjamin?) Johnson.  Mary Claiborne Fox was
a daughter of William Fox and his wife, Sarah Avent Fox, of Brunswick
County, Virginia.

Mrs. Ann (Nancy) Johnson, widow of Benjamin Johnson, and her daughters
and sons came from South Carolina to Tennessee with Henry Fox (1768-
1852) and his family, and with the Jesse Hughes family.  Many of these
later moved to Mississippi.

See other exhibits in this section for additional information on the
children of Jesse Hughes and on Elizabeth Johnson Brent, who had
various intermarriages with the family of Henry Fox.

The numbering system which is used was originally devised by Shirley
Faucette in preparing a Fox Genealogy, and the prefix "Z" was used to
distinguish the Johnson-Hughes families from the Fox Families.


Z.  Benjamin Johnson
   b.
   d.  about 1805, Richland Co., S.C. (Will Book D - letters of adminis-
   tration granted to widow Ann and daughter Unity 9-3-1805.)

   m.
        To:  Ann (Nancy) 

             d. about 1825  (Will probated 10-15-1825, Cocke Co., Tenn.
                Will dated 2-3-1821.  See Exhibit 13, Page 103.)

   Children:

   Z-A:  Unity Johnson
         b.  about 1784 (in order to be of age to act as administrator
         of her father's will in 1805)
         d.  before 1821 (listed as deceased in her mother's will
         dated 2-3-1821)
         m.  after Sept. 1805  (letters of administration granted to
         "Unity Johnson" for father's estate 9-3-1805)
         To        Brent

         Children:  (four listed in will of Ann Johnson)

         Z-Al:  John Brent

         Z-A2:  William Brent

         Z-A3:  Jmes RrPnt

                                                             1 00
Known Genealogy of Johnson - Hughes Connections (Continued)


         Z-A4:  Thomas Alexander Brent
                b.  7-12-1812 (shown as 6-12-1812 on copy of Ann Johnson's will
                in S.C.   (made by Z. F. Shelton, but shown several
                              (other places as 7-12-1812)

                m. 10-22-1835
                  To:  Amelia Bell, in Tuscaloosa Co., Ala.
                       b  7-6-1818, S.C.


                Children:
                Z-A4-1:  Mary Amelia Addine (Addie) Brent
                         b. 9-2-1843
                         m. --- Brotherton
                         [See Note by Z. F. Shelton, dated 1962, follow-
                         ing the copy of Ann Johnson's will, Exhibit 13,
                         for additional information on "Addie" Brent.
                Z-A4-2:  John Thomas Brent
                         b. 11-8-1846
                         d. before Z. F. Shelton could remember
                         m.
                           To:  Wincy Propst (a Shelton descendant)
                Z-A4-3:  Unity Frances Emoline Brent
                         b. 6-15-1848
                         d. before Z. F. Shelton could remember
                         m.
                           To:  Hamby Propst (brother to Wincy above)


    Z-B:  Elizabeth Johnson
          b. 11-18-1790, S.C.
          d. 11-9-1860
          m. (l)
            To       Brent

                   d. Probably prior to time Henry Fox emigrated from                     }
                       South Carolina in 1814. See Exhibit 6, Page 80.                    Ib

            Children:
            Z-Bl:    Nancy Brent, b. 12-19-1809                                           1
            Z-B2:  William Brent, b. 10-20-1811
            Z-B3:  Benjamin Brent, b. 2-2-1814)    .
            Z-B4:  Nancy Brent b. 2-2-1814)      Twlns

                    Nothing is known of the date of death of any of these
                    children.

          m. (2)  2-19-1815
            To:  Thomas Fox (son of Henry Fox (1768-1852)
                 b. 5-8-1795
                 d. 12-29-1876

                 Children:
                 See the records of the children of Thomas Fox, son of
                 Henry Fox in Fox Records compiled by Shirley Faucette
                 and in l'An Outline of Four Generations of the Family 

€1

         Known Genealogy of Johnson - Hughes Connections (Continued)

              Z-C:  Dorcas Johnson
                    b. 7-10-1792, S.C
                    d. 7-29-1856, buried in Fox Family Cemetery near Slate Springs,
                   m. about 1810 in S. C.                                 Miss.
                      To: Jesse Hughes
                           b. 10-14-1788, Virginia
                           d. 11-6-1858, buried in Fox Family Cemetery

                   Children:
                   Z-Cl: Mary Ann Caroline (Polly) Hughes
                          b. 11-20-1811, S.C.
                          d. 10-25-1895 (1896?)
                          m. (l) 12-24-1825, Tuscaloosa Co., Ala.
                             To: Leroy Montgomery Finnell
                                  b. 12-30-1799
                                  d. 12-12-1827, Northport, Ala.
                                      See records coded Xl, filed with Jacob Fox,
                                      son of Henry Fox (1768-1852).  He was 7th
                                      child of Nancy Finnell and Charles Finnell,
                                      per records of Z. F. Shelton.

                           Children:  See Leroy M. Finnell (Xl) in Fox Records
                                      compiled by Shirley Faucette
                                      m. (2)  3-26-1829 in Tuscaloosa Co., Ala. by Thomas Fox,
                                      son of Henry Fox (1768-1852)
                             To:  Jacob (Jake) Fox (son of Henry Fox (1768-1852)
                                  b. 1-19-1808
                                  d. 12-8-1884

                         Children:  See the records of the children of Jacob Fox,
                                    son of Henry Fox in Fox Records compiled by
                                    Shirley Faucette and "An Outline of Four Gene-
                                    rations of the Family", etc., by Faucette and McCain.
                                    Z-c2   Joseph Hughes
                                    b. 11-3-1813, S.C.
                                    d. in boyhood
                                    (Note by Z. F. Shelton:  Records of Bessie Fox Truly
                                    show he d 7-29-1856; however, Miss Lizzie ughes of
                                    RFD Ellisville, Miss., said he d age 13, which would
                                    place his death  at 1826 instead of 1856, so this
                                    could be a mis-copy.  Dr. Joel R. Hitt of Clinton,
                                    Miss., said he was killed by an ox or bull, in Ala.
                                    I could not find any records on this Joseph Hughes
                                    in Tuscaloosa Co., Ala.  ZFS)

                    Z-C3:  Daniel Hughes
                           b. 8-17-1815, Cocke Co., East Tenn., on French
                           Broad River
                           d. 2-14-1859, Tuscaloosa Co., Ala. (killed by horse)
                           m. 9-26-1833, Tuscaloosa Co., Ala-
                             To:  Charlotte Bell
                                  b. 1-29-1816                            1
                                 d. 2-9-1875                              |

                                                                         102



Known Genealoy of Johnson - Hughes Connections (Continued)


         Z-C4:  Ann (Nancy) Hughes
                b. 6-14-1817
                d. 12-21-1850
                m. 4-12-1832 in Tuscaloosa Co., Ala., by Thomas Fox, J.P.
                (son of Henry Fox)
                   To:  Malachi Fox  (son of William Fox)
                        b. 2-10-1813, S.C.
                        d. 3-31-1885, Brandon, Miss.

                Children:  See the records of the children of William
                           Fox, son of Henry Fox in Fox Records compiled
                           by Shirley Faucette and in "An Outline of Four
                           Generations of the Family", etc., by Faucette
                           and McCain.

         Z-C5:  Sarah Hughes
                b. 6-12-1819, Tenn.
                d. 1-18-1862, Miss.
                m. 4-16-1840, Tuscaloosa, Co., Ala.
                   To:  Henry Fox (son of Thomas Fox and Grandson of "Grand-
                        b. 5-1-1820, Ala.                   pappy" Henry Fox)
                        d. 10-16-1896, Miss.

                Children:  See the records of the children of Thomas Fox,
                           son of Henry Fox in Fox records compiled by
                           Shirley Faucette and in "An Outline of Four
                           Generations of the Family", etc., by Faucette
                           and McCain.

         Z-C6:  Unity Hughes
                b. 8-27-1821
                d.
                m. 6-8-1837, Tuscaloosa Co., Ala.
                   To:  James Milton Mills (called "Milton")

               (Note by Z. F. Shelton:  There has been a Milton Mills in
                every generation as far back as they have records.  Paul
                Mills of near Tuscaloosa and Frank Howard of Montgomery,
                both Mills and Hughes descendants, tell me that all of
                the Mills who married into the Fox and Hughes families
                were of the same family, or related.  Another Unity
                Hughes (Unity Monica Hughes b 1-8-1858, dau of Daniel
                Hughes (Z-C3) married another Milton Mills (James Milton
                Mills b 2-27-1848), m 3-16-1875 in Tuscaloosa Co., Ala.)

         Z-C7:  Elizabeth (Bettie) Hughes
                b  8-19-1823

                m.               in Tenn.
                   To:  Tennessee McGuire (Pascal P. McGuire ? - see
                        Bethany Church minutes on file in the archives
                        of the Miss. Baptist Historical Commission,
                        located at Mississippi College, Clinton, Miss.

                                                                         103



Known Genealoy of Johnson - Hughes Connections (Continued)


         Z-C8:  Gracy Ann Hughes
                b. 10-20-1826, Ala.
                d. 12-30-1865 (or about 1 week after birth of her son,
                              Wm. S. Macon on 12-23-1865)
                m. 8    1841, Tuscaloosa Co., Ala.
                   To:  Thomas Perry Macon
                        b. 1820 S.C.

                Children:  [Z. F. Shelton said:  "I have Bible records
                           on their 12 children."

                Z-C8-1:  Thomas Macon     d in Texas

                Z-C8-2:  William S. Macon
                         b   12-23-1865

                         m.

                Note by Z. F. Shelton:  Thomas Perry Macon m-2 to
                Elizabeth D. Warner and had children:  Jim; Walter
                d early manhood; Mattie; Kirby d early manhood;
                perhaps others.  [Mrs. Bessie Fox Truly also lists
                these.

         Z-C9:  Joel Hughes
                b. 11-20-1830
                d. 4-8-1863 (killed at Battle of Shiloh, Tenn.;
                also shown as 4-6-1862)
                m.
                   To:  Elizabeth Ann Gary
                        b. 6-26-1833, Ala.
                        d. 9-25-1897

                Children:  [Z. F. Shelton says "four")

                Z-C9-1:  Emma Hughes
                         m. Martin Hitt
                         Children:
                         Joel Reuben Hitt of Clinton, Miss.
                         Others ?

                Z-C9-2:  James Franklin Hughes
                         b. 6-13-1857
                         d. 4-3-1906
                         m. 2-2-1881
                            To:  Frances Anne Shaw

                         Children: [See Wl-L of Fox Records compiled
                                    by ShirleY Faucettel

                                                                         104


Known Genealogy of Johnson - Hughes Connections (Continued)


         Z-C10:  William Hughes
                 b  12-29-1832

                 m.
                    To:  Harriet Moore

         Z-Cll:  Martha Hughes
                 b. 11-12-1838, Ala.
                 d. 3-15-1908, Webster Co., Miss.
                 m. 9-10-1857, Choctaw Co., (now Webster Co.) Miss.
                    To:  Reuben D. Ransom
                         b. 4-3-1834, Ga.
                         d. 6-10-1921

                 Children:  [7. F. Shelton says "nine"]

                 Z-Cll-l:  Maggie H. Ransom
                           b. 2-1-1866
                           d. 2-20-1948
                           m.
                              To:  Joe H. Evans [see Wl-Cl of Fox
                                   Records compiled by Shirley Faucette]

                 Z-C11-2:  Dora A. Ransom
                           b. 10-2-1858
                           d. 10-15-1898
                           m.
                              To:  Charles David Shaw [see Wl-J of Fox
                                   Records compiled by Shirley Faucette]

   Z-D:  John C. Johnson
         [Named in Ann Johnson's will]


   Z-E:  Joseph Johnson
         [Named in Ann Johnson's will]



         Note:  Some of the Johnsons listed in Bethany Church minutes
         (see above) may be descendants.  However, Z. F. Shelton said
         that John Forsythe Johnson (p. 153 of 1860 Choctaw County,
         Miss., Census) was of a different family from North Carolina
         and related to Mr. Shelton on another line.


Known Genealogy of Johnson - Hughes Connections (Continued)


         Z-C10: William Hughes
                 b 12-29-1832

                 m.
                    To: Harriet Moore

         Z-Cll: Martha Hughes
                  b. 11-12-1838, Ala.                                                  I
                 d. 3-15-1908, Webster Co., Miss.                                      J
                 m. 9-10-1857, Choctaw Co., (now Webster Co.) Miss.
                    To: Reuben D. Ransom
                         b. 4-3-1834, Ga.
                         d. 6-10-1921

                 Children: [7. F. Shelton says "nine"]

                 Z-Cll-l: Maggie H. Ransom
                           b. 2-1-1866
                           d. 2-20-1948
                           m.
                              To: Joe H. Evans [see Wl-Cl of Fox
                                   Records compiled by Shirley Faucette]

                 Z-C11-2: Dora A. Ransom
                           b. 10-2-1858
                           d. 10-15-1898
                           m.
                              To: Charles David Shaw [see Wl-J of Fox
                                   Records compiled by Shirley Faucette]

   Z-D: John C. Johnson
          [Named in Ann Johnson's will]


   Z-E: Joseph Johnson
          [Named in Ann Johnson's will]



         Note: Some of the Johnsons listed in Bethany Church minutes
          (see above) may be descendants. However, Z. F. Shelton said
         that John Forsythe Johnson (p. 153 of 1860 Choctaw County,
         Miss., Census) was of a different family from North Carolina
         and related to Mr. Shelton on another line.

-



            Exhibit 14                                                                105









                                                     FOX FAMILY CEMETERY


                            On homestead o Henry Fox
                            (1768-1852), eldest son of William
                            and Sarah Carroll Fox, and his
                            wife Sarah Harrell Fox (1772-1848).
                            Natives of Richland County, S.C.,
                            both descended from families
                            prominent in Virginia and the
                            Carolinas.  Moving to Tennessee
                            about 1814, thence to Tuscaloosa
                            County, Ala., Henry and Sarah
                            settled here about 1834, and
                            eight of their thirteen children
                            settled in the state.


                            Placed by Their Descendants                                            |
                                         1960






            The above is the text of a historical marker placed by the descendants
            of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox, who since 1955 have met for an annual
            reunion at or near Hugh White State Park, Grenada, Mississippi.  The
            regular reunion date is the second Sunday of October.

                                                                         106
Exhibit 15


  CHILDREN OF HENRY FOX (1768-1852) and SARAH HARRELL FOX (1772-1848)


1.  WILLIAM FOX, b 3-6-1791, Richland Co., S.C.; d 7-23-1852, DeKalb,
      Miss.; m Priscilla Wooten, b --- S.C.; d 3-  -1869, DeKalb, Miss.

    Children:
    MALACHI FOX, m-l Ann (Nancy) Hughes; m-2 Martha Eleanor Skinner
    MARY ANN FOX, m Lewis Stovall
    ELIAB FOX, m-l Mary Bailey Hughes; m-2 Mrs. Amanda J. Ware Mosley
    ISRAEL W. (Wooten?) FOX, um
    JULIA FOX, um
    SARAH FOX, m --- Smith
    TEMPERANCE FOX
    LENORA FOX
    REBECCA FOX, m Robert Keezee

2.  JOHN FOX, b 2-3-1793, Richland Co., S.C.; d --- Ala.
      m Rebecca Wooten, b --- S.C.; d --- Ala.

    Children:
    Daughter (Elizabeth?) m. Dr. Cunningham ?

3.  THOMAS FOX, b 5-8-1795, Richland Co., S.C.; d 12-29-1876, Miss.
      m Mrs. Elizabeth Johnson Brent, b 11-18-1790, S.C.; d 11-9-1860;
      m 2-19-1815.

    Children:
    UNITY FOX, m Mathis T. White
    JOHN J. FOX, m Louisa (Eliza) Franks
    HENRY (Hally) FOX, m-l Sarah Hughes; m-2 Mrs. Tabitha Angeline
      Cooke McCord
    THOMAS JEFFERSON FOX, m Mary Susan Burns
    SARAH FOX, m Vincent Lay
    JOSEPH FOX, m Sarah Ann Cooke
    JESSE HUGHES FOX, m Virginia (Jane) Wilkinson                                       
    DAVID DENTON FOX, m Julianne Oswald                                                 |

4.  HENRY FOX (Hal or Hally), b 3    1798, Richland Co., S.C.; d 11-2-1852,
      Miss.; m 9-18-1823 to Susan (Susannah?) Doughty, b ca 1800, S.C.; d

    Children:
    JACOB FOX, m Miley Ann Barton
    SARAH FOX, m Thadeous Isom D. Stoddard
    Possibly others.  See "An Outline of Four Generations of the Family",
    etc., by Faucette and McCain.                                                       I

5.  WINNIE C. FOX, b 3-25-1800; d young, Ala.                                           ;|

6.  JOSEPH CARROLL FOX, b 1-25-1802, Richland Co., S.C.; d 6-30-1879, Miss.;
      m Margaret Crossland, b 5-19-1805; d 5-30-1876, Miss.

    Children:

                                                                         107



 Children of Henry Fox and Sarah Harrell Fox (Continued)

 6.  JOSEPH CARROLL FOX (Continued)

    Children:
    WILLIAM (Billy) FOX, m Mary Ann Hearn
    DORCAS FOX, m Clough S. Shaw
    SARAH (Sallie) FOX, m Adam Burris Vance
    MARY ANN (Polly) FOX, m Herndon Earl Shaw
    NANCY FOX, m James McGinnis
    HENRY HARRISON FOX, m Camilla Aaeline Pittman
    JOSEPH FOX, d in Civil War
    MARGARET FOX, m Bob McCord (or James McCord?)
    MARTHA (Mattie) FOX, m George Vance

 7.  ANN FOX, b 1-10-1804, d young; did not marry

 8.  MARY (POLLY) FOX, b 1-17-1806, S.C.; d 5-30-1857, Slate Springs, Miss.;
       m David Denton, b 10-21-1797,  N.C.; d 1-7-1884, Miss.

    Children:
    JOSEPH DENTON, d young
    SAMUEL DAVID DENTON, m-l Elizabeth Jane Pittman; m-2 Sarah Ann Embrey;
    m-3 Mrs. F. W. McDaniel
    MARTHA DENTON, m James Montgomery Cooke
    JAMES DENTON, m Charity Pittman

 9.  JACOB FOX, b 1-19-1808, Richland Co., S.C.; d 12-8-1884, Webster Co.,
       Miss.; m 3-16-1829, Ala., to Mary Ann Caroline (Polly) Hughes
       Finnell, b 11-20-1811; d 10-25-1895, Miss.

    Children:
    MARY FOX, m Josiah (Joe) Prewitt
    MARTHA FOX, m William Thompson Gregg
    DORCAS ANN (Duck) FOX, m-l John P. Bennett; m-2 Daniel Jackson
    Hollingsworth
    SARAH FOX, m Stephen Dorroh
    JOHN MIDDLETON FOX, m-l Sarah Carpenter, m-2 Clarissa J. Prewitt
    JULIA ANN FOX, m John Thomas Gregg
    JERUSHA FOX, m William Henry White
    ANGELINE FOX, m John Thomas Hicks

10.  UNITY FOX, b 5-3-1810, S.C.; d 11-1-1855, Slate Springs, Miss.;
       m. 10-9-1828, Ala., to Samuel Odle Pryor, b 2-1811, Tenn.; d 6-7-1860,
       Miss.

                                       Children:
    SARAH E. PRYOR, m Charner M. Shaw
    WINNIE PRYOR, m --- Pittman
    MARY PRYOR, m --- Clemmons
    PHEBA A. PRYOR, m James C. Simpson
    JOHN W. PRYOR
    JAMES THIGPEN PRYOR, m Mary Jane McKee

                                                                         108



Children of Henry Fox and Sarah Harrell Fox (Continued)

10.  UNITY FOX (Continued)

     Children:  (Continued)
     JOSEPH E. (H) PRYOR, m-l Rebecca Virginia 
     m-2 Emmeline Finnell Shaw; m-3 Mary Manila (Nila) Vance
     JACOB (JAKE) DAVID PRYOR, m Martha M. ---
     UNITY (TUN) PRYOR, m Samuel Frank
     NANCY K. PRYOR, m --- Hannah
     JOHN S. 0. PRYOR, m Martha Green
     GEORGE W. PRYOR
     MARTHA FRANCES PRYOR, m John Reid Golding
     WILLIAM RICHARD PRYOR, m Sarah J. Hamilton

11.  AGNES FOX, b 7-4-1812, d young; did not marry

12.  JAMES THIGPEN FOX, b 5-30-1814, S.C.; d 9-22-1883j m 1-4-1838
       to Delilah Baker, b ca 1811

     Children:
     Son ?
     MARY ANN (MOLLY) FOX, m James Woodward
     JAMES FOX
     AUGUSTUS (ALFRED) HICKS FOX, m Dora Martin
     BANNY (HENRY?) FOX
     WILLIAM T. FOX, d in Civil War
     ALICE FOX, m Simeon Moses Roane
     Son ?

13.  DORCAS FOX, b 6-21-1816, Tenn.; m 2-9-1832 to Benagy L. Mills,
       b. about 1808, Ga.

     Children:
     JAMES H. MILLS, m Elizabeth Darden
     SARAH ELIZABETH MILLS, m William Crossland
     MILTON JUD MILLS
     GEORGE W. MILLS
     NANCY T. MILLS, m John J. Sims, Jr.
     MARTHA MILLS, m N. A. Thomas
     DORCAS MARIE MILLS, m Ellis Gore Knight
     DOCK MILLS
     HATTIE MILLS, m --- West
     GEORGIA MILLS, m Joe Yoakley
     CHERRY MILLS (daughter), m --- Foster




     For further information on the descendants of Henry and Sarah
     Harrell Fox, see Fox Records compiled by Shirley Faucette, and
     also "An Outline of Four Generations of the Family of Henry Fox
     (1768-1852) and His Wife, Sarah Harrell Fox (1772-1848), of
     South Carolina and Mississippi", by Shirley Faucette and William D.
     McCain, Published 1971.

_
















                               SECTION V


    MISCELLANEOUS EXHIBITS


        Exhibit 1 Excerpt from "Some Fox Trails in Old              Page 109
                    Virginial', by Ellen M. Cocke

        Exhibit 2 Article on Anne Westls Family Line,               Page 110
                    from IIRichmond Times-Dispatchll

        Exhibit 3 Fox Family Reunion Group - Mississippi            Page 113

        Exhibit 4 Outline of Possible Lineage of Henry Fox          Page 115
                    (1768-1852) Comparing View of Joseph E.
                    Steadman, Sr., and J. Ben Robinson

      Exhibit 1                                                                     109



                                    EXCERPT FROM

                          SOME FOX TRAILS IN OLD VIRGINIA

                                 by Ellen M. Cocke



            nlnt fnm, Paae 16-



                      'IA protest was made in 1705 by HENRY FOX, Thomas Claiborne,
            John est, and others of the vestry o St. John's Parish, King William
            County, to Governor Francis Nicholson and the Counc     against the
            'Reverend Mr Jno. Monro, our present minister . . . We have no
            plsonal prejudice against' him,  lupon account of his being of the
            Scotish Nation, Tho We must confess an Englishman would be more accept-
            able.' -- Virginia Magazine of History and Biography, VIII, pp. 368,
            369.

                        The Council, on March 28, 1706, decided that the
                  matter did not lly under ye Cognizance of this Boardl and
                  the Governor recommended that it be settled in a way Imore
                  agreeable to Christianity.l  The Governor enjoined the
               Reverend Mr. Monro to endeavor Ito promote peace and Recon-          :
               cilemt' between himself and the complainants, also between           j
                  the complainants and the gentlemen of the parish who were
                  his friends.--Executive Journals, Council of Colonial
                  Virginia, III, p. 75.

                  IIAt a meeting of the vestry of St. Johnls Parish, King William   ||
            County, on December 20, 1705, when the minister and six of the vestrymen
          agreed on the choice of two certain persons to fill two vacancies in the  t
            vestry, two of the church wardens and MR. HENRY FOX Inot only dissented,
           but went away in some heat, carrying with them the Vestry book, by wCh
           means the order of Vestry could not be Entered.l--Executive Journals,
           Council of Colonial Virginia, III, p. 66.



           Quoted from Page 7: [Fox Arms]


           "FOX - Argent a chevron sable between three cocks gules, on a chief
           azure a fox courant or. Crest: A lion sejant guardant or, supporting
           with the dexter foot a book of the last. These are the arms of Fox of
          Missenden, Buckinghamshire, Enqland. (Burke, Encyclopedia of Heraldry;    :
          Fairbarnj Book of Crests (1905, p. 211; Crozier, Virginia Heraldica      |


                Note by Shirley Faucette: -  Heraldic terms:
                argent - silver        or - gold              dexter - right
                gules - red            sable - black          chief - upper part



-                                                                                 

Exhibit 2                                                                     110



                       CHART GIVES ANNE WEST'S FAMILY LINE

                              by Elizabeth H. Smith


          [Quoted from 'IRichmond Times-Dispatchll, Sunday, Dec. 10, 1950]


               Just acquired by the Virginia Historical Society is a unique
     genealogical chart in the form cf a peacock, showing the lineage of
     Anne West from King John of England and 13 of the Barons of Runnymede.
     Anne was the wife of the Hon. Henry Fox, Burgess nf King William County
     from 1712 until 1714, the year of his death.

               The eye of each of the 24 tail feathers of the peacock is the
     coat of arms, emblazoned in color, of the family whose line is traced    
     down the feather to Anne. The lines given are five from King John to     N
     Anne and 19 from the 13 barons to her. The barons are Richard de Clare,  i‹
     Earl of Clare and of Gloucester; John de Lacie, seventh Baron Helton     ‹
     and Earl of Lincoln, Roger Bigod, second Earl of Norfolk; William,       ‹
     Baron de Lanvillei;Henry, Baron de Bohun, Earl of Hereford; Saire de
     Quincey, Baron Quincey, Earl of Winchester; Robert de Vere, third Earl
     of Oxford; William, Baron de Bowbray, Lord Bowbray, of Alexholm, in
     Lincolnshire; Robert Baron FitzWalter, third Lord Dunmow (leader of the
     barons); Gilbert de Clare; Hugh Bigod, third Earl of Norfolk; William
     d'Albini, Lord of Belvoir; Robert, Baron Roos of Hamlake Manor.

                          Chart Made by Mrs. Fox                              

               The chart, 27 by 35 inches, and framed in mahogany and gilt,   |
     was presented to the Society of Descendants of the Hon. Henry Fox and
     Anne West, his wife, by the artist, Mrs. Ann Pritchard Woodard Fox, of
     Washington, D.C., honorary president of the society and widow of Edward
     Lansing Fox, a descendant of Ann and Henry Fox. She organized the
     society in 1934 and was its first president, serving for five years.     i
     The artist, who was born May 12, 1869, was 80 when she executed the
     chart. A grand daughter of Colonel Richard Ware Wyatt, of Albemarle
     County, she is a descendant of that early Jamestown divine, Rev. Hawte
     Wyatt, of Boxley, England.                                               ;

               At the meeting of the Society of Descendants of Anne and
     Henry Fox October 15, in the home of Judge and Mrs. J. Douglas Mitchell,
     Walkerton, the organization presented the chart to the Virginia Histori-
     cal Society. On behalf of Clayton Torrence, director and corresponding
     secretary of the Virginia Historical Society, George H. S. King, of
     Fredericksburg, accepted the gift, reading a letter to him from Mr.      
     Torrence in which Mr. Torrence said, in part:                            I

               "Most emphatically we wish to have this remarkable piece of    |
     work at the Virginia Historical Society. Place will be made for it,
     preferably somewhere in the Lee House. Mr. Herbert A. Claiborne,


                                                             1 1 1


Chart Gives Anne West's Family Line Continued)


chairman of the Lee House committee, the committee that has charge in
the matter of accepting gifts offered to the society, endorses whole-
heartedly the acceptance of this gift.  I delegate you to receive the
chart for us.'i

                       Three West Governors

          The chart, which has been placed in the library of the Vir-
ginia Historical Society, not only traces Anne West's ancestry for
approximately five centuries, but also lists her descendants for several
generations to about 1750.

          The English ancestry of Anne is also that of the three West
brothers who at different times served as early Governors of Virginia.
The brothers were Anne's grandfather, Captain John West, who was Gover-
nor from 1635 to 1637; Sir Thomas West, Third Lord de la Warr, first
resident Governor, 1609-1618, and Captain Francis West, who was Gover-
nor, 1627-1629. These brothers were sons of Sir Thomas West, Second
Lord de la Warr, and Anne Knollys, his wife, the daughter of Sir Francis
Knollys, and his wife, Lady Catherine Cary.  Lady Catherine was daughter
of Lady Mary Boleyn Cary, who was sister of Queen Anne, wife of Henry
VIII.

          About 1620 Captain John West came to Virginia, where he took
an active part in the affairs of the colony.  He was a member of the
King's Council from 1630 to 1659, the year of his death.  For some time
he was president of the council, Virginia's West Point was named for
him.

          Anne's husband, Henry Fox, was for many years a vestryman and
warden in St. John's Parish, King and Queen County, later King William.
He was first sheriff of the county, a highly respected position in that
day.  Previously he had been a magistrate in King and Queen in 1699.
Mr. King pointed out in an article in Tyler's Quarterly for April 1940,
that in 1702 the Honorable Henry Fox was appointed senior presiding
justice of King William County.  This was the year that that portion of
King and Queen County which was known as Pamunkey Neck became King
William.  Anne's father, Colonel John West, of York County, and her
maternal grandfather, Major Joseph Croshaw, also of York County, were
members of the House of Burgesses.  In 1702 Henry Fox and Richard Little-
page, of King William County, gave to the county two acres of land as
the site of a courthouse.  It is on part of this land that the courthouse
now stands.

          As history students well know, the Barons of Runnymede were a
group of 25 noblemen who on June 15, 1215, forced King John of England
to sign the document which is known as Magna Charta, its most important
article providing that no freeman shall be taken or imprisoned or pro-
ceeded against except by the lawful judgment of his peers or by the law

                                                                    1 1 2


         Chart Gives Anne West's Family Line (Continued)


         of the land and providing also that no scutage or aid shall be imposed
         in the kingdom (except certain feudal dues from tenants of the crown),
         unless by the common council of the kingdom.  This document, which is a
         carefully guarded treasure in the British Museum, forms the basis of
         practically all democratic law in the Western World.

                                 Scion of Conqueror

                   Of the 25 Barons who brought ing John to terms when they
         overtook him on the meadows of Runnymede and pledged themselves to see
         that its terms were carried out, 17 have known descendants.

                   The information on the West chart makes connection with other
         data which shows Anne West to be a descendant of William, the Conqueror,
         hero of the Battle of Hastings in 1066, and of Charlemagne, born in 742,
         whose far-flung domains were known as the Holy Roman Empire.

                   In discussing the chart:  The registrar of the Society of the
         Descendants of the Honorable Henry Fox and Ann West, his wife, said:
         "I was in Washington in the Spring when the peacock was displayed at
         the National Genealogical Society and it attracted much attention
         amongst the many professional genealogists and heraldic artists there."

                   Officers of the Society of Descendants, which includes member-
         ship from many parts of the United States, are president, Edward Jackson
         Fox, Silver Springs, Md.; vice-president, Judge Leon M. Bazile, Elmont;
         secretary, Mrs. J. Douglas Mitchell, Walkerton; treasurer, Mrs. John
         Thomas Lynch, Arlington; registrar, George H. S. King, and honorary
         president, Mrs. E. L. Fox, Washington, D. C.


             [Accompanying the above article was a picture of the "peacock",
             which bore the following cut line:

             "This chart, in the form of a peacock, traces the lineage of
             Anne West, wife of Henry Fox, Virginia Colonial burgess, from
             King John and 13 of the barons of Runnymede."]




             A photo of this article as it appeared in the "Richmond Times-
             Dispatch" was given to Shirley Faucette by Dr. J. Ben Robinson,
             with the following note:

                   "This peacock chart is now in the rooms of the Virginia
             Historical Society.  The artist, Mrs. Ann W. Fox, was a very
             close friend of mine.  The news item concerning it came into
             my possession through Mrs. Fox.  I had it mounted and photo-
             graphed in order to make copies available to the Fox clan.  I
             am happy to present this copy to you.      J.B.R.
             P.S.  You are eligible for membership in the Magna Charta Dames.

L                                                           

Exhibit 3                                                                      113



                  FOX FAMILY REUNION GROUP - MISSISSIPPI


               The following have served as President of the Fox Family Reunion
     group since its first reunion held in 1955.  Indicated in parentheses is
     the name of the son or daughter of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox, from whom
     each was descended.

              1956-1957   John Henry Fox, .       (William Fox)
              1958        James Calliway Fox       (Henry Fox, Jr.)
              1959-1960   James E. Fox             (Henry Fox, Jr.)
              1961-1963   Carmon E. Valentine      (Jacob Fox)
              1964-1965   John Henry Fox, Jr.      (William Fox)
              1966        James Herman Fox         (William Fox)
              1967-1968   A. V. Henry              (Jacob Fox)
              1969-1970   John Henry Fox, III      (William Fox)
              1971-1972   Donald E. Skelton        (Jacob Fox)

               In 1956, Mrs. Dot Fox Mallory of the Thomas Fox line was unani-
     mously elected as Honorary Life President.  She, along with James C. Fox
     and Carmon E. Valentine, were instrumental in organizing the first reunion.

               Serving as Secretary from the group's organization in 1955 until
     1965, was Myrtie Fox Taylor (Mrs. John L. Taylor), of the Henry Fox, Jr.,
     line.  Subsequent secretaries have been:  1966-1968, Kathryn Runge Lowry
     (William Fox); 1969-1970, Shirley Faucette (William Fox); and 1971-1972,
     Jeanette House Dorroh (Henry Fox, Jr.).

               Mrs. Eleanor Fox Ponder (William Fox) served as the first pub-
     licity chairman, and publicity was later handled in connection with the
     Historian's duties by Shirley Faucette.  Don Skelton was elected Publicity
     Chairman for 1969-1970, and Epton Valentine for 1971-1972.

               A Historical Committee was appointed by the President in 1955,
     composed of Mrs. Gladys Mallory Hester (Thomas Fox), Carl Fox, Jr., (Thomas
     Fox), and Shirley Faucette.  The committee later was composed of Zuela
     Freeman Shelton (Jacob Fox) and Shirley Faucette, with the latter serving
     as Historian until 1967, when she nominated Dr. W. D. McCain of the Unity
     Fox Pryor line, who had recently become interested in Fox genealogy.  Dr.
     McCain has served in this position since, with Shirley Faucette as
     Assistant Historian.  Dr. McCain has concentrated his attention on the
     descendants of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox, while Shirley Faucette has
     collected data on the ancestors of this couple.

               The office of First Vice President was created in 1968, with
     the understanding that the holder would advance to the Presidency.
     John H. Fox, III, was elected to this office in 1968; Donald Skelton
     was elected in 1969; and James T. Newsom (HenrY Fox Jr.) in 1971.



                                                                        114




           A Vice President was chosen by the descendants of each of
the children of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox to represent their line,
and these have included:

Will iam Fox        Dr. James Herman Fox
Thomas Fox         Mrs. Mary Fox Goodheart
Henry Fox, Jr.      James E. Fox ; Mrs . Myrtie Fox Taylor
Joseph Carroll Fox   Mrs. Jimmie Vance Phillips; John Skelton
Mary Fox Denton    Mrs. E. F. Embrey
Jacob Fox          Carmon E . Val enti ne
Unity Fox Pryor    Lelon Pryor; Mrs. Woods Doolittle
James Thigpen Fox  Mrs. J. H. Tyler
Dorcas Fox Mills   Walter W. Shuman, Jr.

Exhibit 4                                                                     115
















                                OUTLINE OF
                        POSSIBLE LINEAGE OF HENRY FOX
                    Born 6-12-1768, Richland County, S.C.,
                    Died 1852, Webster County, Mississippi



     This outline is based primarily on material given to Shirley Faucette
     from research done over a period of years by Joseph E. Steadman, Sr.,
     Batesburg, South Carolina, and from Dr. J. Ben Robinson, Baltimore,
     Maryland, and compares their views where different.  The names of the
     first four generations are given largely from the pedigree chart for
     "Fox of Great Missenden" from the "Visitation of Buckinghamshire"
     made in the years 1566, 1575, and 1634, a publication of the Harleian
     Society of London, edited by W. H. Rylands (1909), Volume 58, pages
     59-60.  Information for Col. Henry Fox of South Carolina and his
     children is largely from Mr. Steadman, with additions furnished by
     Shirley Faucette for subsequent generations.  Where opinions differ
     considerablv for an item. the source is hnwn.




HENRY FOX  ("Of Great Missenden in the County of Bucks")
b ca 1521?
m ca 1544? to "da of Hawes of Missenden"

Children:  William (see further)


WILLIAM FOX
b ca 1545?
m ca 1568? to "Anne daur of Hen: [Henry] Lane of Great Missenden"

Children:
Elizabeth, d um
Giles, "Son and heire"; had two daughters, Sarah and Elizabeth
Susan, m Mr. Rowse of London
John, "Second sonne", b at Great Missenden; Parson of Stretley in County Bedford; m Margret Wetherhed;
  son Adoniah, who had three children                                                                                     €
Anne, m Mr. Harwood of London
Sarah, m John (Joshua) Randall, "Clerke of London"
Henry, "3 Sonne" (see further)

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _                                                                                       

HENRY FOX ("Hen: ffox 3 sonne") - Merchant of London, probably trading with Virginia.

            [Per Joseph E. Steadman]                                      [Per J. Ben Robinson]

b ca 1578                                                   b ca 1582; d  ; m
d 1625
m ca 1601 to Elizabeth (Pickernell?)                        ChhldrFen "S & h i f "

                   , a                                      Stephen Fox, d 1663 aboard the "Fortune"
Children:                                                   Thomas Fox
John Fox, "Sonne & heire of Henry"                          Peter Fox
Possibly other children                                     Mary Fox

 NOTE: Mr. Steadman adds a generation, shown next,          W 1 a F
 with an additional John Fox, also a sea captain,              [Only the name of Jo foxe, sonne & heire of
 which Dr. Robinson does not include.                          Henry is given on the Missenden Chart.]




JOHN FOX ("Jo Fox sonne & heire of Henry" - Sea captain and merchant-trader with Virginia, Commander of
 'iWhite Horse & Currycomb" and of "Thomas & Anne".

           [Per Joseph E. Steadman]                                       LPer J. Ben Robinson]

b ca 1602                                                   b ca 1612-15, Great Missenden Parish
d 1665, Wapping Wall (Stepney Parish, Middlesex             d before 1671, Gloucester or New Kent Co., Va.
  County, England                                           m-l to Elizabeth (d after 1653, ca 1658-59)
m ca 1625, possibly to Elizabeth Convers                    m-2 possibly to Margaret Thomas 4-2-1661
  (sister of John Convers)                                  Probably settled permanently in Gloucester Co.,

Children:                                                   Va. ca 1662 on Poropotanke Creek. Dr. Robinson
John Fox, b ca 1626 (see below)                             says "it may be assumed but not with complete
Isabell Fox, b ca 1628, d young                             assurance that 'Jo Fox sonne and heire of Henry
Stephen, d 1663 aboard the "Fortune"                        Fox' was in fact Captain John Fox, the immigrant,
Thomas Fox                                                  and founder of the Fox family of Virginia...there
Peter Fox                                                   are indications [he] was a skilled navigator and
Mary Fox                                                    spent up to the last several years of his life at
William Fox                                                 sea as a commander of various ships belonging to
                                                           [English] trading companies,...it is not possible

JOHN FOX - Associated with others of family in              positively to identify him because of presence of
  merchant-trader operations. Captain of                    other John Foxes, marlners, who were contemporary
  "William and John" Probably emigrated to                  With him. Granted land in Virginia on 20th of

  by King Charles II on "20th of Sept. in 2d                Children:
  of Charles" [JES says this was 1661.]
b ca 1626
d ca 1682/3
m  who d in England
m-2 to Margaret Thomas, 4-2-1661, at St.
  Dunstan's Church, Stepney Parish, Middlesex,
  England.

Children:



HENRY FOX (lst)  "Son and heir of Mr. John Fox, Dec'd" - "Henry Fox, Gentleman"
b ca 1650; d 1714, King William County, Virginia
m ca 1673 to Anne West (b ca 1655-57; d after 1708), daughter of Col. John West and Unity Croshaw, daughter
of Major Joseph Croshaw of York County, Virginia.

He patented 300 acres in Gloucester and New Kent Counties, Va., 16 April 1782/3.  Lived most of adult life,
after 1690-95 in St. John's Parish on Pamunkey Neck, (King and Queen Co., now King William Co., Va.)  His
brick home was "Huntington" on the Mattaponi River.  He and Richard Littlepage donated two acres of land for
site of King William Court House, its present site.  Vestryman 1695 in St. John's Parish, King & Queen Co.,
Va., (now King William); justice of same county in 1699, King & Queen having been taken from Gloucester
County.  Commissioned 2-7-1702/3 as sheriff of King William County, and served as senior presiding justice, a
highly respected position in that day.  A plaque in his memory is in the courtroom of King William Court House
and also at St. John's Church.  Member of House of Burgesses from King William County from 1712 to 1714, date
of his death.  His wife's father, Col. John West (b 1632, d 1691) was son of Hon. John West, Governor of Vir-
ginia, the 12th child of Sir Thomas West, Second Lord De La Warr, with noble lineage back to King John of
England and 14 of 25 Barons of Runnymeade.

Children: [per Joseph E. Steadman]                           Children: [per J. Ben Robinson]

Henry Fox, b ca 1674-76; d after 1740;                       Henry Fox, b ca 1674-76j d after 1740;
  m-l Mary Kendrick; m-2 Mary Claiborne                        m-l Mary Kendrick; possibly m-2 to Mary
  [See further]                                                Claiborne [See further]
John Fox, b ca 1676; d 1-19-1767, Hanover County,            John Fox, b ca 1682; d 1767; merchant of London.
  Va.; m ca 1699 to --- Bacon (probably dau of                 [Dr. Robinson gives a later birth date than Mr.
  Edmund Bacon of New Kent Co. & James City Co.)               Steadman for John Fox, the son of "John Fox, the
  Was Lt. (1702) and Capt. (1703) in King William              immigrant", and feels that Lt. (1702) and Capt.
  Co. Militia. Also referred to as "merchant                   (1703) John Fox was the brother of Henry Fox
  of London"; [see theory of Dr. Robinson]                     (1650) rather than his son. He says "there can
  Venture failed and resulted in a period of                   be 1 ittle doubt" that "John Fox, Gentleman" who
  imprisonment for debt & impoverishment during                was an arbitor in settling estate of Edmund Tun-
  remainder of life; d as ward of St. Paul 's                  stall in 1707 was the brother of Henry Fox
  Parish, Hanover Co. Children: William Fox;                   rather than Henry Fox's son who was probably
  Sarah Fox; Isaac Fox; Joseph Fox m Frances ---;              living in London at that time.]
  probably George Fox who d 1719; Thomas Fox;
  (and John Fox, listed by Dr. Robinson).

                                                                                               =




HENRY FOX (lst) - Continued:

Children: [per Joseph E. Steadman]                          Children: [per J. Ben Robinson]

(Continued)                                                 (Continued)

Thomas Fox, b ca 1680; m 1707 Mary Tunstall.                Anne Fox, b 5-20-1684; d 5-4-1733; m ca 1702 to
  [Ancestor of George H. S. King]                             Capt. Thomas Claiborne, of "Sweet Hall", King
Anne Fox, b 5-20-1684; d 5-4-1733; m ca 1702                  William County.
  to Capt. Thomas Claiborne, of "Sweet Hall",               Thomas Fox, b ca 1686; m 1708 to Mary Tunstall.
  King William Co., Va.                                       Lived at "Fox's", King William Co. His son
                                                              Thomas also lived at "Fox's" and at "Tuball"
                                                              in Spotsylvania Co., Va.


HENRY FOX (2nd)
b ca 1674-76; d after 1740, ca 1750
m-l ca 1697 to Mary Kendrick, b ca 1678, dau of William Kendrick of Abingdon Parish, Gloucester Co., Va.;
sister of John Kendrick.
m-2 ca 1705 to Mary Claiborne, b ca 1680, dau of William and Elizabeth Sudman Claiborne.  Also shown as
"probably sister of William Claiborne of Romancoke, King William Co., Va."  [Some sources list both wives;
others show only one, but vary as to whether it was Mary Kendrick or Mary Claiborne.]

Now generally accepted as son of Henry and Anne West Fox.  Recorded as living in St. Paul's Parish, Hanover
Co., Va., 1711-12-16 (formerly New Kent County); moved to King William Co., Va., sometime between 1716 and
1719.  In King William County:  deeded land to John Kendrick in 1721; was sheriff, 1724-25; Justice of
Peace in 1726; vestryman of St. John's Parish in 1730.  Patented 1000 acres of land in Spottsylvania Co.,
Va., in 1728, which he sold to Samuel Henderson in 1730, and in the same year sold other lands belonging to
him in Hanover County.

Moved to Brunswick Co., Va., in 1730.  Dr. Robinson states that Brunswick County records indicate Henry Fox
2nd located on the Meherrin River near Fort Christiana, near Lawrenceville, the present county seat of Bruns-
wick County, which he sold 3-18-1734/35 and may have moved to N.C. or S.C.  However, Mr. Steadman feels that
this was property of his son Henry 3rd, who went to S.C., and that Henry 2nd died in Virginia.  Also, Mr.
Steadman does not think that Richard Fox who owned land in this area belonged to this family;  Dr. Robinson
and Mr. J. R. Hendrick (a descendant of Richard Fox) list him as a son of Henry Fox 2nd.  In newly created
Brunswick County, Henry 2nd was a justice in 1732, continuing as Chief Justice of the Commission of the Peace
until 1734; was a member of the House of Burgesses in 1732-1734, said to have been the first member from Bruns-
wick Co.; was on committee of St. Andrew's Parish in 1732 to select site of chapel on South Side of Meherrin
River.

Children: Lper Joseph E. Steadman]                          Children: [per J. Ben Robinson]

Henry Fox, b ca 1698; d 1770; m-l ca 1721 to                Henry Fox, b ca 1698-1702i d 1770; m-l ca 1721 to
  Mary (Goodwyn?) who d after 1734; m-2 8-20-1738             Mary Goodwin (probably of Dinwiddie Co., Va.);
  to Mrs. Martha Keen [See further]                           m-2 8-20-1738 to Mrs. Martha Keen [see further]
Joseph Fox, b 1702; d 12-1749; age 47; m Susannah           John Fox, b ca 1700 (Abingdon Parish Register
  Smith (b 1707; d 7-1-1790) [JES says "some have             shows "John Fox, the son of Mary Fox was
  erroneously named this Joseph Fox as a son of               baptized ye 9th of May, 1700")
  'Captain John Fox (b ca 1676)"']





 HENRY FOX (2nd) - Continued:

 Children: [per Joseph E. Steadman]                         Children: [per J. Ben Robinson]

 (Continued)                                                (Continued)

 Possible daughter - Unity? who m ? John Carroll            Joseph Fox, b ca 1703-05; d 1749; m 1729 to
    (who owned lands in Brunswick Co. adjoining               Susannah Smith; settled in Louisa Co., Va.;
   tract which Henry Fox 3rd sold 3-18-1735 [JBR              said to have ten children. [JBR does not
   & JES differ as to ownership of this tract;                agree with a theory that this Joseph Fox
   see other sections of this book]                           was son of John Fox, son of Henry and Anne
 John Fox, b 1706; lvg in 1769; m 1737 to Mrs.                West Fox, as claimed by some.]
    Isabel (Booth) Richards. "Rev. John Fox,                Richard Fox, b ca 1705-1708; d 1771; m ca 1729
    Rector of Ware Church". Was "in his 25th                  to Johanna (Hannah) Williamson (b 1710);
   year of age" in 1737 when ordained in London.              settled in Lunenburg, Mecklenburg Co., Va.
    Was student at William and Mary College and             William Fox, b 1707-1712; d 1763; m 1734 to
   assistant teacher in grammar school there;                 Sarah Avent (dau of Col. Thomas Avent of
    Master of the Indian School at College.                   Sussex Co., Va.) Lived in Greenville Co.,
   Arms engraved on wife's tor,,b are arms of                 Va., formerly Brunswick County. Will names
    Fox of Missenden. [Mr. Steadman says not                  wife and eight children: Betty m John Rives;
    a son of "Captain John Fox b ca 1676".                   Lucy m William Robinson; William m Martha/
William Fox, b ca 1710; d 1764; m ca 1734 to                  Patsy Rives; Thomas Avent m Lavinia Smith;
    Sarah Avent see children listed in column                John m Celia Bonner; Mary Claiborne m (Thomas?)
    under Dr. Robinson's notes and elsewhere in               Johnson; Sarah m ?Robinson; Noona/Unity m.
    this book.]                                               (John or William) Harrell? [See additional
                                                              information on Noona in other sections of this
                                                              book.]










                                                                                               r7
                                                                                               r



HENRY FOX (3rd) - "Col. Henry Fox of South Carolina"         [Information in this and succeeding pages of
b ca 1698-1702 in New Kent Co., Va. ?;  d 1768-1770, S.C.    this material, is largely from Mr. Joseph E.
m-l ca 1720/21 to Mary (Goodwyn?), (b ---; d after 1734)     Steadman and from research.]
m-2 8-20-1738 to Mrs. Martha Keen (widow)

Probably left King William County, Va., 1720-21, and moved to Brunswick County, Va.  Removed from Brunswick
Co., Virginia, to South Carolina some time between 1730 and 1734.  His petition for land in 1754 states that
he had been in S.C. about 20 years.  On 3-18-1735 Henry Fox of the province of North Carolina sold 555 acres
of land in Brunswick Co., Va., which adjoined land of John Carroll.  [Dr. Robinson is of the opinion that
the 555 acres was sold by Henry Fox 3rd's father, Henry Fox 2nd.]  Henry 3rd was then living in S.C. in a
section of the Welsh Tract, on Pee Dee River, claimed by both N.C. and S.C.  It appears that on 5-20-1731 he
was appointed petit juror for Prince Frederick Parich, Winyah, shortly after coming to S.C.  On 1-16-1735,
650 acres of land were surveyed for him in Craven Co., Prince George Parish, Winyah, the grant being signed
on 12-17-1737, the land being situated in the present Marlboro County, S.C., adjoining land granted to
Thomas Hume and Thomas Groom.  These three men (Henry Fox, who was also known as "Col. Henry Fox", Thomas
Hume and Thomas Groom) were described as "land grabbers" because of the large holdings of land which they
acquired.  Henry Fox is also referred to as l'an eminent lawyer in Charleston.ll During the latter part of
1742 or early part of 1743, he moved to Charleston, where for many years he was active in military affairs
of S.C.  In 1754 and 1764 Henry Fox obtained grants for lands in that part of Craven County, S.C., which is
now in Richland County, these lands being situated in the southeastern corner of the county in the fork of
the Wateree River and the Congaree River.

Henry Foxls wife was shown as IIMaryll in a deed given by him when he sold his lands in 1735.  It is believed
by Mr. Steadman that this was Henry Fox 3rd and that she was a Miss Goodwyn.  Parish records for Prince
Frederick Parish, Winyah, show the marriage of Henry Fox to Mrs. Martha Keen, Widow, on 8-20-1738.  It is
possible that she was the widow of Martin Keane who left property in that area to his wife Martha.

Children:
Unity Fox, b ca 1724; living 1778; m ca 1742 to Claudius Richbourg.  Three sons.
Thomas Fox, b 1725 in Va.; d 11-16-1822; m ca 1768 to Elizabeth Hancock.  Seven children. [Ancestor of JES.]
Henry Fox, b 1727; living 1759-60.
John Fox, b 1727-29; d 1781; m Mary ---; settled in Abbeville District, S.C.  Five children named in wifels will.
William Fox, b 1736-43; d 1816, Richland Co., S.C.; m Sarah Carroll (d before 4-13-1808, which was date of
Williamls will).  [See further.]
Temperance Fox, b 3-19-1i41
Joseph Fox, b 1745 (Sgt. in Revolution)
________ _           ___________________________________________  __       _________________________  




WILLIAM FOX - Of Richland County, South Carol ina
b ca 1743 (no definite date established for his birth)
d 1816 in Richland Co., S.C.  Will dated 4-13-1808; sworn to 6-20-1816; Will Book G.
m ca 1767 to Sarah Carroll (b ---; d before 4-13-1808)

Estimates of the date of William Foxls birth have ranged from as early as 1730 to as late as 1744, but cir-
cumstantial evidence indicates that he was probably born about 1743, the son of Henry Fox (3) and his
second wife, Mrs. Martha Keen Fox. See Section III of this book for further discussion of this and the
following items.

It is said that William Fox married l'his cousin" Sarah Carroll, according to tradition a niece and adopted
daughter of Charles Carroll.  Some have said this was Charles Carroll of Carrollton.  A will dated 1752
for Charles Carroll of Charleston names "the children of Martin Carroll by my sister Sarah of Droghadie,
Kingdom of Ireland".  No connection has been established for any Carroll.  It is speculated that she was a
sister of Jacob Carroll, Sr., who died in South Carolina 1810-15, (will listed six children, one of whom,
Unity Carroll m Joseph Collins).  The fact that Jacob Carroll named his daughter Unity, a frequent name in
the Fox family, may indicate that the "cousin" relationship between Sarah Carroll and her husband William
Fox was through the Fox line.

William Fox served as a soldier in the American Revolution under several Captains, being a horseman, cattle-
driver, and assistant to the Quartermaster.  Grants for land in the southeastern corner of Richland County
in the fork of the Wateree and Congaree Rivers, near lands of his father, Col. Henry Fox, were recorded in
1769 and 1770. His will indicates he was a well-to-do planter, owning at his death 706 acres of land and
ten slaves.  His twin sons Elijah and Elisha and daughter Unity Fox Carter are buried in the cemetery adjoin-
ing Good Hope Baptist Church, located east of Columbia, S.C., in the Middleboro community.

Children:
Henry Fox, b 6-12-1768, S.C.; d 1-18-1852, Webster Co., Miss.; m to Sarah Harrell, b 7-30-1772; d 1848.
Sarah Fox ? (not named in fatherls will ) .
Ann Fox, d prior to 1808; fatherls will mentions llchildren of my late daughter Ann Scottll; m (William?) Scott.
Elizabeth Fox, d prior to 1808; m --- Killingsworth.  2 children.
Mary Fox, m-l? John Cooner; m-2? --- Powell; shown  lldaughter Mary Powell and her heirsll in Williamls will.
Possible son, d after 1790 (based on census data)
Unity Fox, b 10-28-1781; d 1-16-1870; m prior to 1808 to Robert Carter.
El i jah Fox, b 5-16-1789; d 4-23-1863; settled in Richland Co., S.C.  Said to be unmarried. ) . TllINS
El isha Fox, b 5-16-1789; d 2-17-1862; settled in Richland Co., S.C.  Said to be unmarried. ) -

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _   _                                




                      SECTION VI



"TOMBSTONE TOUR"                                     Page 125


   Some points of interest for the Fox Family in Virginia,
   South Carolina. and Miccissinni_

                                                                         125



  Introduction

       to

"TOMBSTONE TOUR"



          In July 1970, Mother and I made a trip through the Fox country
of Virginia and South Carolina.  It reminded us of the old poem which
says "The paths of glory lead but to the grave".  That's where most of
our paths led.  To cemeteries and church yards.

          Sometimes it is an old house or church you are looking for
but cannot find because time - or urban renewal - was there just before
you arrived.  Or, as Dr. McCain once said, you plan to visit an old
friend and keep putting it off, you finally arrive just as the hearse
is leaving.  So we decided to visit as many of the old homes, court
houses, churches, and cemeteries as we could find, along with a few
live friends and relatives.

          We decided to follow my uncle's advice when he went to the
first Fox Reunion:  "If anyone says 'come in' when you yell 'tallyho'
you'll know you are in the Fox crowd!"

          Our first stop was a mission for Mr. Jasper R. Hendrick, or
"Cousin Jerry", now of Abilene, Texas.  He was in Virginia several years
doing research on Foxes, but moved to Texas before completing his work.
Before we left home he had written and called to make sure I was properly
rehearsed for a visit to Mooresville, Alabama, where, he hoped, a Mrs.
Zeitler had just the proof he was looking for on his family.  I was to
try to find her, though she had answered no one's letters for several
years.  No telephone was listed for Mrs. Zeitler, either, and I was
afraid I was headed toward the cemetery.  But just before we left I got
a call telling me her name was not Zeitler after all; she had remarried
and I was to look for Mrs. Henry Willis Hill.  We found Mrs. Hill.  She
lived in a lovely colonial-style home in the center of town, and she was
delighted to talk about ancestors, but did not correspond any more because
of trouble with her eyes.

          I never convinced her I was not trying to join a historical
society; she belonged to all of them.  All I wanted was to find for Cousin
Jerry where she found information concerning Richard Fox on Page 1 of
Order Book 1 of the Brunswick County, Virginia, records that she gave as
reference on the applications of her daughters in the Colonial Dames.  She
could remember every date and every person she had ever talked with except
that.  She only remembered a "researcher" had given it to her.  We later
learned that the original had been missing for some time prior to 1916,
and although a copy had been made by Mrs. J. 0. James, a Fox descendant,
before its loss, the copy did not refer to Richard.  So Cousin Jerry still
does not have the Droof he wanted.

                                                                         126



          But we did not leave empty handed.  Mrs. Hill had a small note-
book into which she had copied by hand a history of an allied Fox family,
written by a Mrs. Peck in 1894.  She finally suggested, after much agony
on my part that she would not consider it, that I could take the note
book to copy and return it by mail.  We thanked her sincerely, and left
quickly before she could change her mind.  Later, others wanted to
snatch it from me, but I managed to hold on to it long enough to make
copies before returning it to Mrs. Hill.

          We met Cousin Jerry in 1971, when we saw him and other Fox
descendants in Abilene.  He sent me his picture which appeared in the
Abilene papers on his 86th birthday in 1970 - a light-hearted, spirited,
young 86!  He is still searching for proof that his ancestor, Richard
Fox, was a son of Henry 2, and a brother of our Colonel Henry Fox
(Henry 3).  He promised to come serenade me with his ukulele if I find
the proof!  He's in there going strong and is the sparkplug of Abilene
activities ranging from the Hendrick Home for Children to the Chess                    il
Club, with ancestors thrown in just for good measure.  We claimed him
as a cousin, Order Book 1, or not!

          In Baltimore, we spent a lovely day with Dr. J. Ben Robinson.
He's a charming, vivacious, and brilliant gentleman, and we claimed                    ||
another cousin. He told us he was 88 then, and he is in his prime!                     il
Dr. Robinson was singularly honored at the ovember 1970 meeting of the                l
American Dental Association by receiving the Award of Excellence of the
Aerican College of Dentists the only such award given in the ACD's                   ;
fifty year history) for outstanding service to the dental profession and
 the public. Dr. Robinson helped establish the West Virginia School of                  .
 Dentistry and is Dean Emeritus of his Alma Mater, the University of
 Maryland's Baltimore College of Dental Surgery.                                        -

           From Dr. Robinson we left with another treasure - his typed
 manuscript of facts and suppositions about the Foxes, which he calls "A
 Guide to Further Study of the Fox Family of Virginia".  Dr. Robinson
 hopes to publish this material himself, but he did lend it to me, and
 let me make a copy.  He is not yet through with his research, and Fox is
 only one of many lines on which he is working.  He did say I could quote
 from his work, provided I specify that it includes opinions.

           Most "Fox" opinions vary!  Dr. Robinson, Mr. Hendrick, Mr.
 Steadman, and George H. S. King have apparently had some interesting
 correspondence concerning their differing opinions.

           For instance, if you've done much reading about the Foxes, you
 may have noticed articles written by George H. S. King.  We've missed
 meeting him!)  Mr. King is a recognized Fox Family Historian, with many
 published articles, and he has been registrar of the organization of
 "The Society of Descendants of Henry Fox and Anne West", which meets
 in Virginia on the second Sunday each October - the same date the Missis-
 sippi Foxes hold their reunion.  For many years our Henry Fox (2) was not
 recognized by that group as being a son of Henry and Anne West Fox.  How-

                                                                         127



 Robinson in 1965, "I am willing to accept him as such...."  Dr. Robinson
 and Mr. Steadman both quote Mr. King, but also give their own differing
 opinions, and differ on some points with each other.

           Finally, we met Mr. Joseph E. Steadman, Sr.  He is the closest
 "cousin" to the Mississippi Foxes of these mentioned, being also descended
 from Col. Henry Fox of South Carolina.  We have been corresponding since
 1955.  Margaret Glen Fox Brown had written to him earlier, and he quotes
 correspondence from Cousin Bessie Fox Truly in 1917.  Cousin Herman Fox
 tried to see him when Mr. Steadman was living in Washington before moving
 back to South Carolina, and my uncle, John H. Fox, Jr., tried to locate
 him at Batesburg, but none of these ever met.

           We arranged to spend nearly a day with Mr. Steadman at his
 home between Saluda and Batesburg.  He, too, is a dear man, gracious,
 brilliant, and meticulous in his work.  He is now retired after having
 worked and lived for many years in Washington, D.C.  He studied originally
 for the ministry, but had to go into other work because of a throat diffi-
 culty.  I wished for a photographic memory as we visited.  I didn't leave
 with his book, though I tried!  He brought out to show me the manuscript
 he had been working on for years.  Pages and pages, legal size, written
 in delicate writing, with supplemental sheets inserted.  I had time to
 make only a few notes; they made my research at the South Carolina
 Archives much simpler.  I offered to type his manuscript and return it to
 him for corrections, but he preferred to type it himself so he could check
 it.  He did promise that when he finished, he would give it to me to use in
 whatever way I wished.

           It was in July 1970 that Mr. Steadman promised me his material.
 At Christmas he wrote that he hoped to start typing soon.  In August 1971,
 I received another letter saying he was recovering from an illness; he was
 sending the manuscript for me to type.  I promised I would sleep with it
 under my pillow until completed!  The result is the fascinating book which
 comprises the first part of this volume.

           Unless you have spent days searching and found not even one
 small clue, you cannot imagine what monumental work these men have given
 me.  Years and years of work by painstaking researchers given free.  Pro-
 fessional genealogists charge for searching - not finding.  These men
 have done most of the work themselves, because they enjoyed it, but they
 have also paid researchers and had other costs.  Yet, this comes as a
 free gift.

           We can only say, "Thanks, Cousins!"






301 Jefferson Street
Clinton, Mississippi
Auqust 1972

                                                             1 28




                        "TOMBSTONE TOUR"


VIRGINIA:

          As we came into the Virginia peninsulas where the 17th
century English, including our Foxes, first settled, no one was sur-
prised when we stopped to ask "Which way to the cemetery?" -- or "How
do you get to Ware Church?"--and "Do you know about an old home
named 'Retreat'?" Women working in their flowers stopped to visit and
invited us in for a cup of coffee.  The Court House and jail were
nearly always in the center of town, and we made the acquaintance of
several police chiefs and city clerks along the way.  If the Police
Chief could not tell us about Ware Church, for instance, he would call
up the newspaper editor that just happened to be interested in his-
tory; not only did the editor of the Gloucester, Virginia, paper tell
us where Ware Church was, he and his family took their car, went with
us, and found the tombstone we were hunting -- then took our picture
with the tombstone and published it on the front page of "Glo-Quips",
the paper of Gloucester County.

Williamsburg:

          A good place to start a Fox Tour is from Williamsburg.  Walk-
ing down the streets of Williamsburg, you can remember that Henry Fox
(first and second) attended meetings of the House of Burgesses here.
In Bruton Church you can see the plaque in honor of Joseph Croshaw,
whose daughter Unity was the mother of Anne West, wife of Henry Fox.
Three West brothers, including Anne's grandfather, Capt. John West,
served as early governors of Virginia.  In the wig-maker's shop you can
imagine how the shop of Charles Carroll, whose 1752 will says he was a
"peruke maker", might have looked in Charleston.  (You can also go to
Jack Sharp's rare book shop on Duke of Gloucester St.  It's fun, but I
think we got the last copy he had of "Fox Trails in Old Virginia"!)

York County:

          Look out over the river and bay at Yorktown and remember
Captain John Fox (there may have been both a father and a son by this
name) who was a skilled navigator and commander of various ships belong-
ing to English trading companies.  When Charles II was proclaimed King
of England in 1660, the Governor of Virginia declared his allegiance to
the Crown and ordered all the counties of the colony to do likewise at
"Your uttermost peril."  The celebration in York County was described
as follows:  See Page 10 of Mr. Steadman's book.]

    "The restoration of Charles to the throne was celebrated in
    Virginia, on proclamatinon of the governor....  The 'William
    and John' was in port during the celebration and Captain John
    Fox, Commander, participated in the occasion.  The York County
    Levy, October 1660, included a sum to pay Captain Fox for 6
    cases of drams [Webster:  "A small portion of something to drink"]
    and for firinq his nreat gunnes'."



                                                                         129




Gloucester County:

           From Yorktown you can cross the York River to Gloucester Point.
Gloucester County is where Captain John Fox first owned land.  About 11
miles north is the town of Gloucester.  We stopped at Abingdon Parish
Church along the way.  We found no Fox tombstones, but parish records
show the names of many of the Fox family.

           At Gloucester we were looking for Ware Church.  Our special
interest was in finding the tomb of Isabell Booth Fox, wife of the Rev.
John Fox, born in 1706.  Though Dr. Robinson and Mr. Steadman disagree
on his exact relationship in the family, he did belong--somewhere--in
our Fox family, and had his family coat of arms inscribed on the tomb
of his wife.  At that time you used a Coat of Arms only if you were
entitled to it--not because you ordered one you liked from a catalog.
The arms on her tomb have been identified as those of the Fox Family of
Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire, England.

           Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire, England, was an ancient
village about 30 miles north of west from the old City of London, and
the church was founded there in 1133.  In 1634 there was a "Visitation"
of the County of Buckingham by the Royal College of Arms, which shows
that in the south window of the Chancel of the Parish Church were the
arms of a Fox Family placed there between 1602 and 1626.  It is under-
stood from research that the insignia itself is older than the College
of Arms, founded in 1464.  For additional information see Parts I and
II of Mr. Steadman's book.

           l'e thought it would be simple to take a picture of the tomb
to add to our collection.  Several reference books gave the inscription
from the tomb and described the coat of arms.  It was "beneath the
chancel" of Ware Church.  We really didn't have any trouble finding
Ware Church; we found it by ourselves and the caretaker let us drive
through the cemetery and go inside the church.  We looked all over the
sanctuary, including the choir loft, for the tombs.  We found nothing
but red carpet.  That was when we went back looking for someone who
knew about Ware Church and were referred to Mr. William DeHardit,
editor of the Gloucester newspaper, "Glo-Quips".  Mr. DeHardit was a
member of Ware Church and enlightened us.  Not all the books carry the
full note:  "Rev. Jno. Fox and his wife's tombstones are under the
chancel of Ware Church.  In 1854 the floor oF the chancel was extended
over the tombs."  He also had other information.  A young woman of the
church had been interested in the tombs, and had lain on the ground in
the crawl space under the floor and made a silk rubbing of the big flat
monument.  The rubbing was mounted on plywood and stored in the base-
ent of the Parish House, and it was here that the DeHardits took us
an made our picture standing by the rubbing of the tombstone.  It came
!Ut on the front page of that week's edition.

           The Court House and tiny jail at Gloucester are on the square
in the center of town.  In 1769 the Governor of Virginia approved an
act aLIt    z na John Fox. "aentleman" (which one I do not know) to lay

                                                                         130



off 60 acres of his land, adjoining the lands on which the courthouse
of Gloucester is erected, for a town to be called Botetourt Town in
honor of the Governor of the colony.

          The earliest date at which our Captain John Fox is known to
have owned land in Virginia and upon which he lived at the time was in
1667, his land being on both sides of Poropotanke Creek, which was the
line that separated the two counties of Gloucester and New Kent.  From
New Kent County came King & Queen Count;y in 1691, and from King & Queen
came King William in 1701.  Poropotank  River is the dividing line
between Gloucester County and the southern part of the present King &
Queen County, and is just south of West Point, where the Mattaponi and
Pamunkey Rivers converge to form the York River.

          Probahly Captain John Fox owned other land, but the only
record is of this particular tract on which his "son and heir" Henry
Fox later applied for a patent.  Henry, the "son and heir", we call
"Henry l" because Henrys 2 and 3 follow in a straight line in our family.
Also, it is easy to designate this one as Henry that married Anne West.
Some of the wives we are not sure of, but Anne West we know about--all
the way back to Adam, if you look at the "Adam Chart" which Jerry Hen-
drick sent me!

          Articles on the West Family are numerous.  See Chapter 2 of
Part III of Mr  Steadman's book, and also Exhibit 2 of Section V of
this material.  Margaret McNeill Ayres of Memphis was the editor of "The
Noble Lineage (If the Delaware-West Family of Virginia Through Col. John
West, his sons and his daughter, Anne West who Married Henry Fox", bv
Ann Woodard Fox, published in 1958.  A letter dated October 1970 fro;
Mrs. Ayres's dughter, Mary Margaret Hill (Mrs. M. M. Hill), 623 So.
McLean, Memphis, Tenn., 38104, advised that Mrs. Ayres died in April
1970, but that some copies of her book were then available at $10 from
her.  This is an excellent book on the West ancestry.  An article by
George S. H. ing, "Memorial to Henry Fox, Gentleman, of 'Huntington',
Kjng William (ounty, Virginia," is contained in Tyler's Quarterly,
Volume 21, pages 217-290.

King William County:

          West Point - As you enter King William County from the south,
you come first to West Point, named in honor of the family of Anne West.
It was of special interest to us that Anne West's father, Col. John West
was honored by the council of Virginia in 1632 for being "the first
Christian child born on the York River"; and again, in 1660, by the
House of Burgesses, with a resolution of good will in recognition of the
services of the West family  exempting him from payment of taxes during
the remainder of his life. See Mr. King's article on pages 184-185 of
Mrs. Avrt?s's hnnk refPrrPtl t_n hnvP.l

                                   ' J

!                                                                                131

                                s , Sweet Hal l , Romancoke: Henry Fox (l )
      probably spent most of his adlt lfe r key Neck area of King
      William County. This area has been in three different counties, but is
      now in King William County. George H. S. King says that Henry's home
      "Huntington" was on the Mattaponi River, and that it was a beautiful                     3
      brick home, with octagonal shaped bricks. In his 1939 article he says
      "The brick walls were standing until a few years ago." [See Tyler's                      |
      article referred to above.] A brick from this home is in a collection
      of bricks by the late Rev. Arthur P. Gray of West Point, Virginia. No
      tombstones are said to be at the location of the family cemetery at the
      former site of "Huntington". Also in ing William County [see map in
      this section] were "Fox's", the home of Henry's brother, Thomas Fox,                     I_
      (ancestor of Mr. King) which Mr. King described in 1939 as being in a
      "deplorable state of repair". A drawing of this home is contained in
      Mrs. Ayres's book. A photograph which shows its deplorable state is
      contained as the frontispiece of "Some Fox Trails in Old Virginia",
      compiled by Ellen M. Cocke in 1939. She describes it: "'Fox's' on the
      Mattaponi River, Built by Either Henry Fox (1650-1714) or by his Son
      Thomas Fox, Who Received a Royal Grant on the Mattaponi in 1713." Mrs.
      Cocke also describes "Sweet Hall", the home of Anne Fox Claiborne,
      (Sister of Henry Fox and wife of Captain Thomas Claiborne) "'Sweet Hall '
I     is still standing--a very quaint and interesting house." "Romancoke"
!     was the home of William Claiborne, Secretary of Virginia, who was the
      grandfather of Thomas Claiborne of "Sweet Hall", and may have been a
      kinsman of Mary laiborne, wife of Henry Fox (2). (We did not stop to
      hunt these houses or former sites, as we entered King William County
I     from the north, and ran out of time.)

                King William Courthouse: Henry Fox (l) was the first we know
      of in a long line of Foxes who held many public offices in their local
      areas. In 1702 he and Richard Littlepage donated two acres of land for
      the site of the King William Courthouse, its present site. He was com-                    _
      missioned February 2, 1702/03 as sheriff, and he was a Justice of the
      Peace, the senior presiding Justice, a highly respected position at that
      time. A plaque at the Courthouse in King William Courthouse was placed
      by his descendants in 1952 back of the Judge's seat in the room where he
I     was first presiding Justice of this Court.

               The town, King William Courthouse, as is the case in many
 i'   counties of Virginia, was known by the name of the county, plus "court-
      house" (e.g., Appomatox Courthouse). We arrived there on an election day
      and stopped at the Clerk's office to see if we could go into the court-
      room where the election was being held, explaining that we were descended
      from Henry Fox. The clerk, Mr. Thomas T. H. Hill, was most gracious--and
      we made the acquaintance of another "cousin". He was a descendant of
      Anne Fox Claiborne, and was the Secretary of "The Society of Descendants
      of Henry Fox and Anne West".

                He took us on a tour of the courtroom, called our attention to
      the pattern of the brick work (we later learned it was "Flemish Bond"
      used in many colonial buildings), and posed for our movies while vigorously

                                                             1 32




discussing social problems in Mississippi and Virginia with Mother.  As
a memento, he gave us a booklet containing the history of the Court-
house, and a "King William County Medal", cast in 1957 as an independent
part of the King William County observance of the 250th anniversary of
the founding of Jamestown.  The medal depicts King William Courthouse,
with the inscription "Oldest Courthouse in Continuous Use".

          Retreat:  Before leaving King William County, try to visit
"Retreat".  It is not a must for our family, since we are not directly
connected with its builder, but it is interesting.  It is said to have
been the home of Captain John Fox (grandson of Thomas and Mary Tunstall
Fox), which he sold to his nephew James Fox in 1800.  [See Page 55 of
"Fox Trails in Old Virginia", referred to above.]

          We found "Retreat" after several stops to inquire.  From
Ay1ette, in King William County, go north on Highway 600 about ten miles
(past Beaulahville Church) and reach Highway 604.  Turn left at a sign
which says "To Duane".  Go to the old store and turn left again.  Narrow
roads wind through wooded sections, and about a mile off the road is a
drive to the right leading to "Retreat".  Its present owners were Capt.
and Mrs. J. D. Myers, a retired Army officer and his wife, who were in
the process of having it registered as a national land mark.  Later they
will probably charge admission, but they gave us a free tour as they
were still in the process of moving in and we were, I think, their first
"Fox" visitors.  The chimney bears a date at the top in big figures of
"1808", when James Fox made an addition to the original house.  By that
date four generations of our Foxes had been in South Carolina.

Hanover County:

          Old Church:  We missed "Old Church" in Hanover County, about
12 miles from St. John's Church in King William.  We will have to go back.
Here Henry Fox (2) probably lived in the early 1700's in St. Paul's
Parish, New Kent County, near the Lower Church, at what is now Old Church.
His estate was apparently in the vicinity of the estates of his uncles,
Nathaniel and Thomas West, and probably the land of all three was part of
a disputed inheritance from their father and grandfather, Col. John West.
Henry (2) was a vestryman at St. Paul's Parish at "ye Lower Church" in
March 17, 1711/12.  He was still living there in 1716, but he probably
returned to King William following his father's death in 1714, as he was
shown as absent from the Parish in 1719.

          Henry Fox (2) has been the subject of much debate as to whether
or not he was a son of Anne West and Henry Fox.  Dr. Robinson says:

    "A painstaking search of such fragmentary court records as remain...
    has not yielded a single piece of direct evidence that supports the
    claim of a father and son relationship between these two Henry Foxes
    ....  Therefore, a determination of the validity of the claim...
    must be based upon the probable reliability of a widespread family
    tradition, a rational interpretation of the true meaning of related
    circumstantial evidence, and the accuracy of the reasoning used by
    the investigator in making a final judgment."

                                                                                   133



                   Finally, in 1965, after much research, Dr. Robinson wrote:
          "Mr. George H. S. King, a well known genealogist and a recognized
I         authority on Fox family history has declared: 'I think it is for
          certain that he Henry Fox 2nd] was son of Henry and Anne (West) Fox
          and I am willing to accept him as such."'

                    In King William, Henry (2) followed in his father's footsteps
          and was twice appointed sheriff, in 1724 and in 1725.  There is no
          record of the date he was made a vestryman at St. John's church, but in
          May 1731, there is an entry that a new vestryman was chosen "in room of
          Mr. Henry Fox, who hath left the Parish".  He disposed of property in
          1730 in Hanover County and probably moved to Brunswick County that year.

          Brunswick County:

                    Here Henry (2) probably established his residence on the south
          side of the Meherrin River near Fort Christiana.  His son, Henry (3),
          known as Colonel Henry Fox, had already left King William County, and
          about 1720/21 moved to the newly formed Brunswick County shortly after
          his marriage to his first wife.  She was probably Mary Goodwyn; the
          Goodwyns settled in the adjoining Dinwiddie County and many later went
          to Richland County in South Carolina.

                    Mr. Steadman feels that in view of the later activity of Col.
          Henry (3) in connection with Indian affairs in South Carolina, he was
          probably associated in some way after he moved to Brunswick County with
          the Virginia Indian Company, which had control of all trade with the
          Indians south of the James River.

                    Fort Christiana:  In 1714 Governor Spotswood directed that
          this fort be built on the south bank of the Meherrin River, about two
          miles west of the present town of Lawrenceville, the present county seat
          of Brunswick County.  This fort was under the authority of a group of
          influential frontiersmen who formed the Virginia Indian Company.  There
          was an Indian village near the fort and the company operated a successful
          Indian school here.

                    How do youfind the site of Fort Christiana?  From the histori-
          cal markers along the highway you think it will be a state or national
          historic shrine.  The site probably had not been visited in years until
          we went.  A marker on Highway 1 reads "Nine miles south is the site of
          Fort Christiana, built in 1741," etc., and another reads "Three miles
          south is the site...."

                    We stopped at Brunswick Courthouse at Lawrenceville - I was
          sure both Henry 2 and 3 had been there - and inquired which way to the
          Fort.  They didn't remember.  Which way to Cochran?  (Where the first
          courthouse had been, and which was supposed to have been about six miles
          from where one of the Henry's owned land.)  Well, they said, there wasn't
          much at Cochran now.  (They were conservative; all we saw was the cross-
          roads, or else we missed it altogether.)  But they were busy washing the
          Sheriff's car and it was getting late, so I went across the street to the
          ten cent store.

 ;

                                                                         134



           The clerk had heard of Fort Christiana, but she did not know
how to get there.  A teen-age black boy, Robert Brown, was sweeping the
floor so they could close in a few minutes.  He knew where the Fort had
been.  He also warned there was not much there now--just some "old
cannons" down in the field, but he went home that way and would be
glad to show us the way.  It was after 5:30 and dusk was approaching.
He took off in his car--down a gravel road--and we followed.  From
Lawrenceville take Highway 46 South about three miles and turn right
on to Highway 686.  About a mile down the road turn off the gravel road
to the right and go down a dirt road about a mile.  There was a barbed
wire fence with a big brown gate, and a garbage dump.  No inscription.
No marker.  It was too late to walk down into the woods to hunt cannons.
There was no indication that this was the site described by all the
historical markers along the highways.  History makes rather prominent
mention of it as a fort, but the site is now an all-but-forgotten loca-
tion on a hilltop in Brunswick County, not far from the Meherrin River.
The Sheriff did not know where it was, and you reach it the hard way
and wonder how Henry Fox found it 20 years ago!

           Mr. Steadman says that doubtless it was here Henry (3) became
experienced in Indian affairs and military activities which gained for
him the title of "Colonel" in Brunswick County and later in South Caro-
lina.  Rev. John Fox (whom Mr. Steadman feels was Colonel Henry's brother;
Dr. Robinson places him as a nephew of Henry l) was a teacher in the
Indian School at William and Mary College prior to being ordained as a
minister.  It is also interesting that later, in Mississippi, Malachi Fox
is said to have spoken several Indian languages and was well thought of
by the Indians.  Eleanor Fox Ponder said that in 1908 she visited Mala-
chi's first cousins, James Denton and James Pryor; they told her of their
trip as assistants to Malachi Fox, who acted as a deputy in accompanying
the Indians moved from Mississippi to Indian Territory on the famed
"Trail of Tears".

           Back to Henry (2).  Brunswick was a new county, so you know
what happened.  They set up a court and ordered that a Commission of the
Peace be prepared.  The commission appointed ten persons--with whose name
first on the list as presiding Chief Justice?  Right.  Henry Fox (2).  He
also served in the House of Burgesses from 1732 to 1734.  He withdrew
from the Commission of Peace whose meetings he attended in June 1734),
and on August 10 the justices selected candidates for an expected vacancy
on the Commission and recommended that "Henry Fox, Gentleman, wait on the
Hon'l Governor with his recommendations."  [See Page 31 of Mr. Steadman's
book.]

           Dr. Robinson says:  "A thought for others to meditate:  'Did
Henry Fox (2) Gentleman, of Brunswick County, Virginia, finally locate in
South Carolina, as did his oldest son, Col. Henry Fox, who left Virginia
in 1733 and settled in South Carolina?'  Mr. Steadman says no; he thinks
Henry (2) died in Virginia.

           But all agree that Colonel Henry Fox (3) did go to South
Crnl in _

                                                                         135



SOUTH CAROLINA:

          When that 555 acres of land in Brunswick County (near Fort
Christiana) was sold in 1735, Henry Fox described himself as "of the
province of North Carolina", being then in a section on the Welch
tract which both North and South Carolina claimed at the time.  Mr.
Steadman thinks that this was Henry (3) and that he and his wife re-
turned from Carolina to Brunswick County for that purpose.  Henry Fox
signed the deed in person, witnessed by local persons.  The late Mrs.
J. 0. James, of Petersburg, Virginia, a descendant of William and Sarah
Avent Fox, found an item in a Brunswick County record which stated that
Mary Fox, the wife of Henry Fox had been unable to attend court and
sign the deed of transfer and that a comrnittee had been appointed to
secure her signature.  Here again, the record cannot now be found.

          The first settlements and first grants of land began about
that time, with settlers taking up land along the more important creeks.
Henry Fox (3) was granted land situated on Muddy Creek and it adjoined
the lands of Col. Thomas Hume and Thomas Groom.

          Colonel Henry Fox's second marriage was to Mrs. Martha Keen, a
widow, on August 20, 1738, recorded in the Register Book of Prince
Frederick Parish, Winyah, South Carolina.  Mr. Steadman is of the opinion
[see Page 27 of this collection] that William Fox was their son and that
he was born about 1743 at his father's plantation on or near the Black
River in the present Clarendon or Williamsburg County, moving about 1746
with his father to or near Charleston, South Carolina.

Charleston:

          A trip to this city is well worth it for anyone.  However, we
know of no specific location in the city with which Colonel Henry Fox or
his family, or the Carrolls, can be definitely connected at this time.

Richland County:

          Driving through the area where the Foxes lived described as the
confluence of the Wateree and Congaree Rivers,  there are few landmarks
for Foxes, but you can recall that the children and grandchildren of Henry
and William Fox lived in rnany locations.  Here William Fox and several
probable kinsmen were in some of the many battles of the American Revolu-
tion fought in South Carolina.  Fort Camden, a British stronghold, was
just north of his home, and battles were numerous.  It is believable that a
British soldier happened along to disturb Sarah Carroll Fox's churning!

          One of Henry Fox's plantation homes was on Second Creek (the
second creek above the confluence of the Congaree and Wateree Rivers),
which stream became known as Colonel's Creek in deference to the title of
Colonel Henry Fox.  [See Page 50 of Mr. Steadman's book.]  Mr. Steadman
also says that the location of this home apparently was near the mouth of
this creek and a short distance above the present Highway 378.

                                                                         136




          On this trip to Columbia we saw more of the microfilms, the
will books, and the land records at the Archives than we did of the
surrounding country, except for our trip to visit Mr. Steadman.  But
in addition to the known Fox haunts, we drove through Camden and saw
the figure on the weathervane on the clock tower which represents King
Haiglar, the friendly Chief of the Catawba Indians, who is sometimes
called the "patron saint" of Camden.  Just east of Columbia we stopped
on Highway 76 to read the markers at the former locations of "Woodland"
and "Millwood".  The first was the home built before 1800 by Wade
Hampton 1st (of the Revolutionary War), and the latter built before
1820 by his son, Wade Hampton 2nd, father of Wade Hampton 3rd, of the
Confederate Army.  Both homes were burned by Union troops in 1865, and
only six columns remain of Millwood.  We paid our respects, not only
because they were said to be friends and neighbors of William Fox, but
also because th? first Wade Hampton may have been a cousin or other
kinsman of my maternal grandmother's ancestor, Colonel Andrew Hampton
of the Revolutionary Army.

          Good ope Baptist Church:  In 1970 we had no trouble finding
again the laeboro Community, east of Columbia, on Highway 76, approxi-
mately 1.3 mils west of the intersection with Highways 601 and 378.  In
the cemetery of this church are tombstones for Unity Fox Carter, Elisha
and Elijah Fox  a sister and twir brothers of "Grandpappy Henry Fox
(1768-1852).  !'11 were children of William Fox, son of Colonel Henry (3).

          On a previous trip in 1960, we had driven over a large section
of this area, -including stops at Wateree, Congaree, Eastover, and Gadsden,
looking in eror) for "McLeod's Chapel near Goodhope Methodist Church",
where the abov!? graves were thouyht to be located.  At the Congaree
Baptist Church between Gadsden and Wateree, we found a cemetery with a
wrought iron fence around the Scott plot, but found they were buried
there in the 150's, much too recently  for our purposes.

          We stopped at Rutland's Grocery, the general store and post
office at Wateree, to mail a card to Uncle John with the Wateree post
mark.  The owner kindly called up "Miss Eleanor", who had lived in that
section a lon time to inquire about churches and cemeteries for us.
She directed us back to Highway 76 to find "McLeod's Methodist Church",
and gave us the name of C. B. Bowen's store, where we could inquire
further.  By chance, "Miss Eleanor's" husband, the rural mail carrier
whose name we forgot, came in while we were there and accompanied us to
McLeod's Methodist Church.  We searched every tombstone, but there were
no Foxes.  I shuffled my notes again and muttered something about l'Good
Hope".  The Good Hope Batist Church, he said, was just up the road.  lle
decided it was worth a try, and there we found the Foxes and the cemetery
we had searched for.  The church was in fair condition when we first saw
it in 1960.  It was a large white square frame church, with square wooden
pillows.  "Miss Eleanor's" husband told us he thought it was built before
the Civil War, and it looked as if it might have been.  Inside, it had a
'Iqallerv'' ar(ln two sides and at the bak.

       _



                                                                         137




           About 1963, a local resident told my uncle that the highway
 had been built over a portion of the cemetery.  Wonder if that was
 where William and Sarah Carroll Fox were buried?

           In 1970, Good Hope seemed to have suffered.  At the side of
 the church, next to the cemetery, appeared to be the trash from a
 church picnic some time ago, and the building itself, was showing the
 need for loving care.  Go quickly if you want to see it--it may not
 last much longer!

MISSISSIPPI:

           The final "Tombstone Tours" include several locations near
Slate Springs, as shown on portions of county maps in this section.
These include the family cemetery of Henry and Sarah Harrell Fox, and
the cemeteries at Bethany and Bethel Baptist churches.  All can be
Visited in half a day and are only a short drive from Grenada.

           Fox Cemetery:  Known graves at the cemetery on the former
homestead of Henry and Sarah Carroll Fox, in addition to theirs,
include those for their daughter Mary Fox Denton and her husband David
Denton; Jesse and Dorcas Johnson Hughes; John Shaw and his wife, Nancy.
There are other unmarked graves.

           Bethany Church Cemetery:  Others of Henry and Sarah Fox's
children buried here are Joseparroll Fox and his wife Margaret
Crossland Fox; James Thigpen Fox (his wife is buried in Denton, Tex. );
Jacob and Mary Ann Carolne Fox; Thomas and Elizabeth Johnson Brent Fox.

           Unity Fox Pryor and her husband, Samuel Odle Pryor are buried
in the Pryor Cemetery on a hill several miles southwest of Slate Springs,
near Lindsey Creek, in Webster County.  Dorcas Fox Mills is buried at
Shiloh Cemtery, ten miles west of Lewisville, in Denton County, Texas.

           It is not known where Henry Fox, Jr., and his wife are buried,
but a descendant, James C. Fox, surmised that it may have been at the
Fox Family cemetery.  The date of Henry Jr.'s death was written on a
page near the back of the Bethany Church minutes, he having died in the
same year as his father, Henry Fox.  The location is also unknown for
the graves of nne, Winnie C., and Agnes, all of whom died young.  It
is presumed that John Fox is buried in Alabama.

           DeKalb Cemeterv:  For the descendants of William Fox, Henry
and Sarah Harrell Fox s oldest son, there are two additional cemeteries
of interest.  William Fox and some of his children are buried in the old
cemetery at DeKalb, Mississippi.  We visited it in April 1961.  We could
not have found its location without the help of Mrs. Canning T. Bell
(Persia Tartt Bell), grandmother of William Stennis of DeKalb, Miss.
Mrs. Bell, then a spritely lady around eighty, went with us and climbed
through the barbed wire fence, the poison ivy vines and hedge plants,
and over the honeysuckle and stickers to show us the location, where we
uncovered their tombstones.  The cemeterY was not maintained bv th itv

                                                                        138




or any group at that time.  We found William Fox's marker (a flat stone
on the ground), and there were markers for three of William and Priscilla
Fox's children:  Mary Ann (Fox) Stovall, wife of Lewis Stovall; Julia
Fox (whose marker bore letters that appeared to be "A.B.", which tradi-
tion says stood for the college degree she received, a noteworthy achieve-
ment for a woman at that time); and for Israel W. Fox.  There was also a
marker for Mary B. Hughes Fox, first wife of William's son, Eliab Fox.

          Our directions for reaching the cemetery:  Go north one block
in the direction the Confederate Soldier on the Confederate Monument is
looking.  Turn left on the street nearest the marker, and go between the
third and fourth houses on the right hand side of the street.  (You have
to park your car and rough it from here.)  These were the homes of Hal
Overstreet and Mrs. John Little.  Climb through the fence and go up the
hill through what Mrs. Bell said was the colored section of the cemetery.
In the level space on top of the hill, go forward (through the vines--a
good idea would be to take clippers) in the direction of town, and you
should find the markers.

          Fannin:  The cemetery in which William Fox's oldest son,
Malachi Fox, and some of his family are buried is located at Fannin in
Rankin County, on the Brandon-Fannin road.  The cemetery is in the yard
of the Fannin Baptist Church.












          Fox Hunting is fun.  You meet lots of nice people.
          Years ago a friend gave me a cartoon in which one
          woman was exclaiming to another:  "Have I got
          relatives?  I've got some I'm not even related to!"

          That's a good kind, too.  If they're nice you can
          claim them and call them "Cousin"!

                                                                              143



     TO REACH FOX FAMILY CEMETERY:

(l)  From exit at Hugh White State Park into Highway 8, turn left and go east
     on Highway 8 approximately 13 miles to Grenada County-Calhoun County
     line, then continue down Highway 8 approximately 2 miles farther and
     turn right onto a hard surfaced road.

(2)  To go to the Fox Cemetery on Mr. Vardaman Springer's property, continue
     on this road to Dentontown.  The black top extends about ll miles, then
     turn right (west) onto gravel road.

(3)  Continue about 2 miles on gravel road past a white house with a sign
     "Green Meadows" and two brick houses that say "Edwards" and continue
     past several other houses to Mr. Springer's, which is a white house on
     the right side of the road.  There are several barns at right rear of
     house, and he has a semi-circular drive in front of the house.  Please
     stop to tell Mr. Springer you would like to go to the cemetery.

(4)  Drive into Mr. Springer's yard and through the gate and down pasture
     road for about a mile to where there is a big pine and big cedar on
     the right.  On the opposite side (left) there is a path  and you can
     drive part way down the trail.  Look for the best place to drive into
     the trail, depending on how it has washed.  Stop the car about 100 feet
     from where you entered the trail.  You can see the markers on a slight
     hill from this point, and you can walk up the rest of the way.

     TO REACH BETHANY CHURCH CEMETERY:

                              .

     Continue past Mr. Springer's home for about 6/10 miles to where the road
     turns sharply to the right at 45° angle just before reaching Highway 9
     intersection.  Go another 6/10 miles (past a yellow brick house and past
     a white frame house on the left, which is home of Longino Doss).  Turn
     right just beyond Mr. Doss's home onto a gravel road which dead-ends at
     Bethany Cemetery.

     TO REACH BETHEL CEMETERY:

     Follow instructions in (l) above.  Continue on the road to Dentontown,
     but do not go into Dentontown if you want the shortest route.  Turn left
     off the road about 1/4 mile before you get to Dentontown and go about 2
     miles.  The cemetery is at the intersection of that road and another road
     which meet at about 45° angles.  Cemetery is on both sides of the road,
     with the old part on the left (north) of road.  You can go on to the Fox
     Cemetery without returning to Dentontown by taking the road which angles
     back to the right and going south about 1 miles to where it intersects
     with the road leading from Dentontown.  (These three roads form a triangle.)
     Turn right onto the road from Dentontown and go about 3/4 miles on blacktop
     then turn right (west) onto gravel road.  This is the same gravel road you
     would have reached by following instructions in (2) above, and you can con-
     tinue on to the Fox Cemetery by following remainder of route shown above.



                             BIBLIOGRAPHY


     Boddie, John Bennett.  Historical Southern Families, Volume 1.
       Pacific Coast Publishers, Redwood City, California, 1957.

Brown, Douglas Summers.  The Catawba Indians - The People of the
   River.  The University of South Carolina Press, Columbia, S.C.,


Clinton, Matthew William.  Tuscaloosa, Alabama - Its Early Days
   1816-1865.  Edwards Brothers, Inc., Ann Arbor, Michigan. 1958.
   Published by the Zonta Club, luscaloosa, Alabama.

Cocke, Ellen M.  Some Fox Trails in Old Virginia.  The Dietz Press,
   Richmond, Virginia.  1939.

Cook, Harvey Toliver.  Rambles in the Pee Dee Basin in South Carolina,
   Volume 1.  The State Company, Columbia, S.C., 1926.  Professor
   Emeritus, Furman University.

Faucette, Shirley.  Fox Family Records.  Unpublished typed volume.
   Retained by Fox Family Historian.  Prepared from records furnished
   by family members to about 1966, on the descendants of Henry and
   Sarah Harrell Fox.

Faucette, Shirley and McCain, William D.  An Outline of Four Genera-
   tions of the Familv of HenrY Fox (1768-1852) and His Wife, sarah
   Harrell Fox (1772-1848), of South Carolina and Mississippi.
   Hatti esburg, Mi ss ., 1 971 .

Fox, Ann Woodward.  The Noble Lineage of the Delaware-West Family of
   Virqinia Throuqh Col. John West, his sons and his daughter, Anne
   West who Married HenrY Fox .  Edited by Margaret McNeill Ayres.
   Seebode Printing Service, Memphis, Tenn.  1958.

Fox, James C.  Trailin the Foxes.  Unpublished manuscript.  Monticello,
   Ark., about 1 956.

Goodspeed's Bioqraphical & Historical Memoirs of Mississippi.  Goodspeed
   Publishing Co., Chicago, Illinois, 1891.  John Morris Co., Printers.

Green, Edwin L.  A History of Richland County.  Volume One, 1732-1805.
   The R. L. Bryan Company, Columbia, S.C., 1932.

Hathaway, J. R. B., Editor.  North Carolina Historical and Genealogical
   Register, Volume 2.  Edenton, North Carolina,  1901.

Meriwether, Robert L.  The Expansion of South Carol ina, 1729-1765.
   Southern Publishers, Inc., Kingsport, Tennessee, 1940.  (Professor of
   History, University of South Carolina.)


                          BIBLIOG M PHY (Continued)

                                _ _ _


Reqister Book for the Parish Prince Frederick Winyaw.  Pub1ished by
   the National Society of t e Colonlal Dames of America.  Williams &
   Wilkins Company, Baltimore, Maryland, 1916.

Richmond Times-Dispatch.  Richmond, Virginia, December 10, 1950.

Smallwood, Marilu Burch.  Burch, Harrell, and Allied Families,
   Volume 1.  Storter Printing Co., Inc., Gainesville, Florida, 1968.

South Carolina Historical & Genealoqical Maazine.  Published Quarterly
   by The South Carolina Historical Society, Edited by A. S. Salley, Jr.
   Volume 1, January 1900.  Walker, Evans & Cogswell Co., Charleston,
   S . C .

Truly, Bessie Fox.  Mimeographed booklet, written during 1930's or
   , rl i er .

                                         144





                   INDEX


Adams, Ephriam, 40.      Barton, Miley Ann,
Adams , James H., 35 .      106.
Adams, Jane Scott,       Bates, Elizabeth Car-
   35€                      ter, 37, 39.
Adams, Joel, 34, 35.     Bates, Gracie Ann, 37.
Adams, Joel, Jr., 35.    Bates, Jack, 37, 39.
Adams , Joel , Sr., 35   Bates , John, 37 , 39 ,
Adams, Margaret Kil-        46.
   lingsworth, 40.       Bates, Joseph, 46.
Adams , Robert , 35 .    Bazile , Leon M.,
Adams , W. W., 35 .         112.
Addison, 43.             Bell, 138.
Addison, Hiram, 46.      Bell, Amelia, 98,
Addison, Rachel Car-        100.
   rell , 43 .           Bell , Canning T .,
Allen, 61.                  137.
Allison, Andrew, 26.     Bell, Charlotte, 101.
Alsop, Kathleen, 2.      Bell, Persia Tartt,
Andrea, Leonardo, 28,       137.
   42 .                  Benne t t, Dorcas Ann
Andrews, Lester, 25.        Fox, 107.
Austin, James Alexan-    Bennett, Dorcas Fox,
   der, 5.                  89.
Austin, Jennie, 5.       Bennett, John P.,
Austin, Virginia            107
   Smith, 5.             Blake, Edward, 55.
Avent, 6b.               Bccquet, Peter, 55.
Avent, Mary, 1.          Bonner, Celia, 6c, 7,
Avent, Sarah, 1, 2,         122.
   6b, 7, 8, 56, 80,     Bostick, J. G., 33.
   99 , 122 , 135 .      Bostick, John G., 41 .
Avent, Thomas, 1, 6b,    Bostick, Mary Scott,
   8, 122.                  35.
Avent , William, 6b .    Bowen, C . B., 136 .
Ayres, 130, 131.         Brandom, Rich, 33.
Ayres, Margaret Mc-      Branham, Richard,
   Neill, 130.              30.
Bacon, 119.              Brant, 66.
Bacon, Edmund, 119.      Brent, 25, 66, 75,
Baker, Delilah, 108.        80, 99, 100.
Ball, Hannah, 2.         Brent, Addie, 98,
Barrington, Elliot,         100.
   19.                   Brent, Amelia Bell,
                            98, 100.



                                                    145





             Brent, Benjamin,         Bynon, Lewis, 17,
                100.                    18.
             Brent, Elizabeth John-   Campbell, R. M.,
                son, 56, 80, 81, 89,     38.
                99, 100, 106, 137.    Carpenter, Sarah,
             Brent, James, 97, 99.       107.
             Brent, John, 97, 99.     Carrel, Jane, 46.
             Brent, John Thomas,      Carrell, Anna, 43.
                100.                  Carrell, Dorcas, 46.
             Brent, Mary Amelia       Carrell, Edmund,44.
                Addine, 100.          Carrell, Esther, 46.                       |
             Brent, Nancy, 100.       Carrell, Jacob, 44.
             Brent, Thomas, 97, 98.   Carrell, Jacob, Sr.,
             Brent, Thomas Alexan-       43 45.
                der, 100.             Carrell, Jeannett,
             Brent, Unity Frances        46.
                Emoline, 100.         Carrell, John, 11,
             Brent, Unity Johnson,       43.
                56, 97-99.            Carrell, Joseph, Sr.,                  ;;
             Brent, William, 80, 97,     46.
                99, 100.              Carrell, Rachel, 43.
             Brent, Wincy Propst,     Carrell, Rebecca, 43.
                100.                  Carrell, Thomas, 46.
             Brotherton, 98, 100.     Carrell, Unity Fox,
             Brotherton, Addie           43.
                Brent, 98, 100.       Carrell, William,
             Brotherton, Mary Ame-       43-45.
                lia Addine Brent,     Carroll, 23, 24, 34,
                100.                     43-45, 60, 135.
             Brown, Douglas Sum-      Carroll, Charles, 21 
               mers, 10.                 23, 44, 46, 47, 60,
             Brown, Margaret Glen        64, 65, 124, 128.
                Fox, 127.             Carroll, Daniel, 23.
             Brown, Mary, 30.         Carroll, Edmond, 44.
             Brown, Rich, 55.         Carroll, Edmund, 26,
             Brown, Richard, 30,         45, 46.
                31, 38.               Carroll, Edward, 23,
             Brown, Robert, 134.         25, 44-46.
             Brown, William Ross,     Carroll, Elias, 45.
                21.                   Carroll, Elijah, 24.
             Bull, William, 17,       Carroll, Elisha, 24.
                18.                   Carroll, Elizabeth,
             Burkett, Sallie, 39.        45
             Burns, Mary Susan,       Carroll, Ester, 47.
                106.                  Carroll, Esther, 23.
             Burton, Lucile Dor-      Carroll, Hannah, 45.
                roh, 97, 98.          Carroll, Henrietta, 23,
                                         47. 49. 50.





L,                                                

                                         146




Carroll, Henry, 45.        Carter, George, 28,
Carroll, Hester, 49.          38, 41, 42.
Carroll, Isbell, 45.       Carter, Gracy, 38.
Carroll, Jacob, 24,        Carter, Henry, 24,
   26, 43-46, 124.            37, 38, 41, 55.
Carroll, Jacob, Sr.,       Carter, James Downs,
   23, 24, 45, 46,            39.
   124.                    Carter, Joel, 39.
Carroll, James, 24,        Carter, John, 38.
   43.                     Carter, Joseph, 38,
Carroll, Janet, 45.           41.
Carroll, John, 23,         Carter, Mary, 38.
   24, 43-46, 122,         Carter, Matelda, 39.
   123.                    Carter, Matilda, 39.
Carroll, Joseph, 43,       Carter, Melinda, 39.
   45, 46.                 Carter, Rachel, 38.
Carroll, Martha, 45.       Carter, Robert, 24,
Carroll, Martha Swan-         27, 31, 37-39, 41,
   ey, 45.                    42, 124.
Carroll, Martin, 23,       Carter, Sarah, 41, 42.
   44, 47, 124.            Carter, Sarah Fox, 28,
Carroll, Mary, 49.            36, 38.
Carroll , Samuel , 45 .    Carter , Sarah H., 39 .
Carroll, Sarah, 21-        Carter, Sary, 41.
   24, 28, 37, 38,         Carter, Thomas, 38.
   43-47, 56, 60,          Carter, Unity Fox, 24,
   105, 123, 124,             25, 27-29, 37-42,
   135, 137.                  124, 136.
Carroll, Unity, 24,        Carter, William, 41.
   43, 124.                Carter, William Fox,
Carroll, Unity Fox,           39.
   23, 122.                Carwithen, William,
Carroll, William, 24,         48.
   43, 45, 46.             Cary, Lady Catherine,
Carter, 28, 34, 38.           111.
Carter, Ann Jane,          Cary, Lady Mary Bo-
   39.                        leyn, 111.
Carter, Barbara, 24,       Caryl, Jennett, 46.
   37, 38.                 Cater, Stephen, 48.
Carter, Benjamin, 38.      Chapman, Carleton
Carter , Benj amin , B .,     Burke , 4 .
   41.                     Chapman, Flora Smith, 4.
Carter, Benjamin T.,       Claiborne, Anne Fox,
   24.                        120, 131.
Carter, Dorcas, 38.        Claiborne, Elizabeth
Carter, Dorcus, 41.           Sudman, 121.
Carter, Elisha, 39.
Carter, Elizabeth,
   37 39, 41.

                                       147





Claiborne, Herbert      Cooke, Sarah Ann,
   A., 110.                106.
Claiborne, Mary, 119,   Cooke, Tabitha An-
   121, 131.               geline, 66, 106.
Claiborne, Thomas,      Cooner, John, 28
   109, 120, 131.          41, 42, 124.
Claiborne, William,     Cooner, John, Jr.,
   121, 131.               42.
Clark, Daniel, 17,      Cooner, John, Sr.,
   18.                     42.
Clemmons, 107.          Cooner, Mary, 41.
Clemmons, Mary Pryor,   Cooner, Mary, Jr.,
   107.                    42.
Clyne, Peter, 38.       Cooner, Mary Fox,
Cocke, Ellen M.,           28, 36, 124.
   109, 131.            Cooner, Melker, 41.
Colebrooke, George,     Coons, Jacob, 89.
   19.                  Cragg, John, 17.
Colebrooke, James,      Creber, William B.,
   19, 20.                 46.
Collins, Joseph, 24,    Crockett, Polly Kil-
   43, 124.                lingsworth, 40.
Collins, Unity Car-     Crockett, William,
   roll, 24, 43, 124.      40.
Colson, 6b.             Croft, 35.
Colson, Eloise Weeks,   Croft, Moses, 35.
   2.                   Croshaw, Joseph,
Colson, James H., 2.       111, 119, 128.
Conner, Nannie Fox,     Croshaw, Unity, 43,
   )6.                    119.
Conner, R. H., 66.      Crossland, Ann, 88.
Convers, Elizabeth,     Crossland, Margaret,
   117.                    86, 106, 137.
Convers, John, 117.     Crossland, Sarah
Cook, Avis Killings-       Elizabeth Mills,
  worth, 40.               108.
Cook, H. T., 45.        Crossland, William,
Cook, John, 26, 40,        108.
   54.                  Cunningham, 57, 61,
Cook, Lucinda, 90.         106.
Cooke, Angeline, 76.    Cunningham, Eliza-
Cooke, James Mont-         beth Fox, 106.
   gomery, 107.         Daniels, 89.
Cooke, Martha Den-      Daniels, Rosalie Fox,
   ton, 107.               89.
Cooke, Martha Fox,      Darden, Elizabeth,
   80.                     108.

                                       148





Davis, 66.              Dorroh, Lucile, 97.
Davis, Dee Fox, 66.     Dorroh, Mag Finnell,
Davis, Delilah Fox,        90.
   66.                  Dorroh, Sarah Fox,
Davis, John, 11.           90, 107.
Day, 38.                Dorroh, Stephen, 107.
Day, Rachel Carter,     Doss, Longino, 143.
   38.                  Doughty, Susan, 82,
DeHardit, William,         84, 106.
   129.                 Doughty, Susannah,
Denmon, Dorcas G.,         106.
   88.                  Easley, Ann, 88.
Denmon, William C.,     Edwards, 143.
   88.                  Embrey, E. F., 114.
Denton, 60, 79.         Embrey, Sarah Ann,
Denton, Charity Pitt-      107.
   man, 107.            Entzminger, Christian,
Denton, David, 80,         35.
   84, 88, 107, 137.    Etherington, 35.
Denton, Elizabeth       Etherington, James,
   Jane Pittman,           35.
   107.                 Evans, Joe H., 104.
Denton, James, 75,      Evans, Maggie H.
   107, 134.               Ransom, 104.
Denton, Joseph, 107.    Fair, William, 46.
Denton, Martha, 107.    Faucette, Emma Shir-
Denton, Mary, 88.          ley Fox, 12-16,
Denton, Mary Fox, 75,      22, 24, 37, 43,
   80, 84, 107, 114,       51, 52, 55, 58,
   137.                    91, 92.
Denton, Polly Fox,      Faucette, Shirley,
   60, 80, 107.            2, 3, 5, 6a, 6c,
Denton, Samuel David,      9, 11, 25-27, 31,
   107.                    32, 37, 38, 41-43 ,
Denton, Sarah Ann          55, 60, 62, 65, 76,
   Embrey, 107.            80, 82, 84, 94-96,
Dinkins, 35.               99-104, 106, 108,
Dinkins, Elizabeth         109, 112, 113, 115.
   Scott, 35.           Ferguson, Thomas, 25.
Dinkins, Lewis, 35.     Finnell, Charles, 101.
Doolittle, Woods,       Finnell, Jesse, 90.
   114.                 Finnell, John, 90.
Dorroh, Jeanette        Finnell, Leroy M., 89.
  House, 113.           Finnell, Leroy M., Jr.,
Dorroh, Joel, 89, 90,      89, 90.
   98.                  Finnell, Leroy Mont-
                           omery, 101.

                                          149





Finnell, Lucinda Cook,   Fox, David Denton,
   90-                       106.
Finnell, Mag, 90.         Fox, David Henry
Finnell, Mary Ann Caro-      85.
   line Hughes, 89, 90,   Fox, Dee, 66.
   101, 107.              Fox, Delilah, 66
Finnell, Nancy, 101.      Fox, Delilah Baker,
Finnell, Polly Hughes,       108.
   89, 101, 107.          Fox, Dorcas, 56, 57
Fordyce, John, 16.           79, 89, 96, 107,
Fos ter, 108 .               108, 137 .
Foster, Cherry Mills,     Fox, Dorcas Ann, 107
   108 .                  Fox, Dot , 63, 70-73
Fox, 1, 3,  10, 21-24,       87, 113
   37, 43,  58, 60-63,    Fox, Duck, 107.
 65 , 67 ,  69-72 , 74-   Fox, E. L., 112 .
   76, 78,  81-89, 99,    Fox, Edward Jackson
   101-105, 108, 109,        112
   113, 124-126, 128,     Fox, Augustus Hicks
   129, 131- 133, 135-       108 .
   137, 143.              Fox, Banny, 108.
Fox, Adoniah, 116.        Fox, Barbara, 37
Fox, Agnes, 108, 137.     Fox, Benjamin, 7
Fox, Albert, 67.          Fox, Bessie, 67, 72,
Fox, Alfred, 108.            76, 78-80, 101
Fox, Alice, 108.             103, 127.
Fox, Amanda J. Ware       Fox, Bettie, 63.
   Mosley, 106.           Fox, Betty, 7, 8,
Fox, Angeline Cooke,         122.
   76.                    Fox, Billy 107
Fox, Ann, 27-29, 34-      Fox, Bitsy 73.
   36, 79, 107, 124.      Fox, Blondie, 62-64.
Fox, Ann Hughes, 57,      Fox, Camilla Adeline
   58, 102, 106.             Pittman, 107.
Fox, Ann Pritchard        Fox, Carl, 22, 24, 59,
   Woodard, 1 10 .           61 - 7 3, 7 7 .
Fox, Ann W., 112.         Fox9 Carl, Sr., 74-
Fox, Ann Woodard, 130.       77, 84.
Fox, Anna Cornelia, 2.    Fox, Celia Bonner,
Fox, Anne, 116-118,          6c, 7, 122.
   120, 131, 137.         Fox, Clarissa J. Pre-
Fox, Anne Lane, 116.         witt, 107.
Fox, Anne West , 1 ,      Fox, Cottrell, 73
   110-112, 118, 119,    Fox, David, 2,   63;
   121, 122, 126, 128,       66, 85.
   1 o 132. 133.        Fox. David D_ _  81.
                        7                                 :_





                                                               -

                                          150






Fox, Edward Lansing,      Fox, Hal, 59, 60,
   110.                      65, 66, 106
Fox, Eleanor, 93, 95,     Fox, Hallie, 60, 61,
   113, 134.                 63.
Fox, Eliah, 83, 106,      Fox, Hally, 59, 64-
   138.                      67, 72, 75, 76
Fox, Elijah, 25, 27-         78, 106.
   29, 31, 37, 40,        Fox, Hally, II, 59
   65, 124, 136.             66.
Fox, Elisha, 25, 27-      Fox, Hannah Ball, 2.
   29, 31, 37, 40,        Fox, Hannah William-
   41, 65, 124, 136.         son, 2, 122.
Fox, Eliza Franks,        Fox, Henry, 1, 2, 5-
   106.                      7, 10-16, 19, 21-
Fox, Elizabeth, 7,           23, 25-29, 31, 38,
   27, 28, 29, 38,           41-46, 56-61, 63-
   39, 40, 88, 97,           66, 69, 7 1, 74,
   106, 116, 124.            75, 77-79, 81-85,
Fox, Elizabeth Con-          88 , 89 , 94, 99-
   vers, 117 .               102, 105- 124, 126-
Fox, Elizabeth Han-          128, 130, 131, 134-
   cock, 123.                137.
Fox, Elizabeth John-      Fox, Henry, Jr., 82 ,
   son, 75, 98.              84, 85, 88, 113,
Fox, Elizabeth John-         114, 137.
   son Brent, 80,         Fox, Henry, Sr., 70,
   81, 89, 100, 106,         88.
   137.                   Fox, Henry, II, 1,
Fox, Elizabeth Pick-         23, 43, 64, 121,
   ernell, 116.              123, 126, 130, 132-
Fox, Ellen, 93.              134.
Fox, Emma, 78.            Fox, Henry, III, 1,
Fox, Elmna Shirley,          21, 121-124, 126,
   91, 92.                   130, 133-135.
Fox, Ester Lee, 63.       Fox, Henry Harrison,
Fox, Frances, 119.           107.
Fox, Frances Light-       Fox, Herman, 127.
   foot, 118.             Fox, Isaac, 7, 119.
Fox, Fuller, 61, 63,      Fox, Isabel Booth
   66, 67.                   Richards, 122.
Fox, George, 16,  118,    Fox, Isabell, 117.
   119.                   Fox, Isabell Booth
Fox, Giles, 116.             129.
Fox, Grace, 67.           Fox, Israel W., 138.
Fox, Granville, 63.       Fox, Israel Wooten,
                             ln6_                3

                                          151





Fox, Jacob, 1, 42,        Fox, John, Jr., 118.
   57 , 60, 61, 66,       Fox, John A, 7
   76 , 79 , 83 , 85 ,    Fox, John H, Jr.,
   89, 90, 101, 106,         37, 91, 127.
   107 , 114 , 137 .      Fox, John H ., III ,
Fox, Jacob S., 85.           113.
Fox, Jake, 72, 101.       Fox, John Henry,
Fox, James, 7, 60,           91, 92
   66, 75, 108, 132.      Fox, John Henry, Jr.,
Fox, James C., 57,           37, 62, 91, 92,
   58, 69, 70, 71,           113.
   82-88, 113, 137.      Fox, John  Henry, III,
Fox, James Calliway,       113.
   113 .                 Fox, John  J ., 69 , 72
Fox, James E ., 113 ,      106 .
   114 .                  Fox, John M., 89 , 90 .
Fox, James Herman,        Fox, John Middleton,
   113, 114.                 107.
Fox, James Israel,        Fox, Johnny, 72.
   60.                    Fox, Joseph, 60, 63,
Fox, James Thigpen,          66, 80, 81, 86,
   79, 86, 108, 114,         106, 107, 119,
   137.                      121-123
Fox, James W., 118.       Fox, Joseph C., 79,
Fox, Jane, 118.              86, 88.
Fox, Jane Wilkinson,      Fox, Joseph Carroll
   106.                     45, 106, 107,  114,
Fox, Jerusha, 90, 107.      137.
Fox, Jerry, 69, 85.      Fox, Julia, 106,
Fox, Jesse, 63, 67.         138.
Fox, Jesse H., 81.       Fox, Julia Ann,
Fox, Jesse Hughes,           72, 90, 98, 107.
   106.                   Fox, Julianne Os-
Fox, Jim, 65, 67,            wald, 106.
   75, 76.                Fox, Katie, 91.
Fox, Jimmie, 62, 7 1,     Fox, L . Ella, 63 .
   86, 88.                Fox, Lamar, 63.
Fox, Jo, 117.             Fox, Lavina, 7
Fox, Johanna William-     Fox, Lavina Smith,
   son , 122 .               7, 122 .
Fox, John, 1566a58 '         71.

   60 , 61 , 63 , 66 ,    Fox , Lee T ., 67 .
   79, 81, 83, 88,        Fox, Lenora, 106.
   106, 116-119, 121-     Fox, Louisa 72.
   123, 128-130, 132,     Fox, Louisa Franks,
   134,  137.                   106.

                                       152





Fox, Lucy, 6c-8, 122.   Fox, Mary Ann Caro-
Fox, Mala, 67, 91,         line, 137.
   93-95.               Fox, Mary Ann Caro-
Fox, Malachi, 57, 58,      line Hughes Fin-
   61, 63, 74-76, 83,      nell, 89, 90, 101,
   91-95, 102, 106,        107.
   134, 138.            Fox, Mary Ann Hearn,
Fox, Manly, 61, 63,        107.
   69.                  Fox, Mary Avent, 1.
Fox, Margaret, 107.     Fox, Mary B. Hughes,
Fox, Margaret Bon-         138.
   ner, 7.              Fox, Mary Bailey
Fox, Margaret Cross-       Hughes, 106.
   land, 86, 106,       Fox, Mary Claiborne,
   137.                    6b, 7, 56, 80,
Fox, Margaret Glen,        99, 119, 121, 122,
   127.                    131.
Fox, Margaret Light-    Fox, Mary Goodwyn, 21,
   foot, 118.              22, 121, 123, 133.
Fox, Margaret Thomas,   Fox, Mary Kendrick,
   117.                    119, 121.
Fox, Margaret Walden,   Fox, Mary Susan Burns,
   55-                     106.
Fox, Margarett, 88.     Fox, Mary Tunstall,
Fox, Margret Wether-       120, 132.
   hed, 116.            Fox, Mattie, 107.
Fox, Martha, 80, 90,    Fox, Mildred, 7.
   107.                 Fox, Miley Ann Bar-
Fox, Martha Eleanor        ton, 106.
   Skinner, 106.        Fox, Molly, 108.
Fox, Martha Ellen       Fox, Myrtie, 113,
   Skinner, 93.            114.
Fox, Martha Keen,       Fox, Nancy, 7, 107.
   16, 21, 22, 44,      Fox, Nancy Hughes,
   121, 123, 124,          57, 58, 75, 76,
   135.                    102, 106.
Fox, Martha Patsy       Fox, Nannie, 61, 62,
   Rives, 7.               66, 93.
Fox, Martha Rives,      Fox, Nonna, 2, 6b, 6c-
   122.                    8, 56, 122.
Fox, Mary, 8, 27-       Fox, Nuna, 6c.
   29, 36, 42, 57,      Fox, Patsy Rives,
   75, 79, 80, 84,         122.
   90, 107, 114, 116,   Fox, Patty Reeves,
   117, 121, 123, 124,     6c.
   135, 137.            Fox, Perrin, 41.
FoxlnMarlyA8nn, 106-  Fox, Peter, 116, 117.






                                                        153





                Fox, Polly, 60, 66,      Fox, Sarah Hughes,
                   80, 107.                 102, 106.
;               Fox, Polly lIughes       Fox, Sarah Lay, 81.
                   Finnell, 89, 107.     Fox, Smith, 63.
                Fox, Priscilla, 57,      Fox, Sophia, 73.
                   76, 138.              Fox, Stephen, 116,
                Fox, Priscilla Virgin-      117.
                   ia, 22, 45, 58, 60-   Fox, Susan, 116.
                   62, 84.               Fox, Susan Doughty,
                Fox, Priscilla Wooten,      82, 84, 106.
                   56-59, 75, 93, 106.   Fox, Susannah Doughty,
                Fox, Rebecca, 7, 106.       106.
                Fox, Rebecca Wooten,     Fox, Susannah Smith,
                   56, 57, 106.             121, 122.
                Fox, Richard, 1, 2,      Fox, Tabitha Angeline
                   9, 121, 122, 125,        Cooke McCord, 106.
                   126.                  Fox, Temperance, 16,
                Fox, Robert, 7.             106, 123.
                Fox, Rosalie, 89.        Fox, Thomas, 7, 21,
                Fox, Sallie, 107.           22, 25, 56, 59, 60,
                Fox, Sally, 7.              63, 66, 69, 74, 75,
                Fox, Sam, 63, 69,           78-81, 87-89, 98,
                   72.                      100, 102, 106, 113,
                Fox, Samuel, 16, 118.       114, 116, 117, 119,
                Fox, Sarah, 6c-9, 28,       120, 123, 131, 132,
                   36, 38, 42, 56, 57,      137.
                   59, 61, 69, 70, 75,   Fox, Thomas, Sr., 81,
                   79, 83, 84, 88, 90,      88.
                   106, 107, 116, 119,   Fox, Thomas Avent, 7,
                   122, 124, 137.           8, 122.
                Fox, Sarah Ann Cooke,    Fox, Thomas J., 81,
                   106.                     87.
                Fox, Sarah Avent, 1,     Fox, Thomas Jeffer-
                   2, 6b, 7, 8, 56,         son, 106.
                   80, 99, 122, 135.     Fox, Tom, 62, 66,
                Fox, Sarah Carpenter,       72.
                   107.                  Fox, Tommie, 61.
                Fox, Sarah Carroll, 21-  Fox, Unity, 2-4, 6a-
                   25, 28, 37, 38, 43-      7, 23, 24, 27-29,
                   45, 56, 60, 105, 123,    37-44, 56, 60, 66,
                   124, 135, 137.           71, 79, 81, 88,
                Fox, Sarah Harrell, 1,      106-108, 113, 114,
                   2, 6a, 6b, 7, 21,        122-124, 136, 137.
                   31, 56, 58-60, 74,    Fox, Uriah Irvine,
                   77, 78, 82, 84, 88,      7.
                   98, 105-108, 113,     Fox, Virginia Pris-
                   114, 124, 137.           cilla Wooten, 94.

                    _ I

                                         154





Fox, Virginia Wil-       Gillet, John, 97.
   kinson, 106.          Glenn, William, 47.
Fox, Wallace, 63.        Golding, John R.,
Fox, Will, 93.              83.
Fox, William, 1, 2,      Golding, John Reid,
   6c-9, 21-34, 37,         108.
   38, 40, 42-45,        Golding, Martha Fran-
   51-61, 63-67, 74,        ces Pryor, 108.
   75, 78-80, 83, 91,    Golding, Martha Fran-
   93, 94, 99, 102,         cis Pryor, 83.
   105-107, 113, 114,    Goodheart, Mary Fox,
   116-119, 122-124,        114.
   135-138.              Goodwyn, 26.
Fox, William, Jr.,       Goodwyn, Mary, 21,
   7.                       22, 121, 123.
Fox, William, II,        Gray, 24.
   59, 66.               Gray, Arthur P.,
Fox, William T.,            131.
   108.                  Gray, John, 13.
Fox, Willoby, 16.        Gray, Unity Carroll,
Fox , Winnie C ., 45 ,      24 , 43 .
   79 , 106 , 137 .      Green, Edwin L .,
Fox, Winifred, 2, 7.        25, 26, 42.
Foxe, Jo, 116.           Green, Martha, 108.
Frank, Samuel, 108.      Gregg, Annie, 42.
Frank, Tun Pryor,        Gregg, Dora, 72, 90.
   108.                  Gregg, Emily, 98.
Frank, Unity Pryor,      Gregg, John, 72.
   108 .                 Gregg , John T ., 98 .
Franks, Eliza, 106.      Gregg, John Thomas,
Franks, Moses, 19.          107.
Frazer, Jacob, 35.       Gregg, Julia Ann Fox,
Frazer, Joshua, 35.         72, 90, 98, 107.
Fuller, Elizabeth        Gregg, Martha Fox, 90,
   Miles, 50.               107.
Fuller, Thomas, 50.      Gregg, William Thomp-
Gaf fney, Martha Kil-       son, 107 .
   lingsworth, 40.       Griffin, Absalom, 25.
Gaffney, Peter, 40.      Griffin, John, 25.
Gary, Elizabeth Ann,     Groom, Thomas, 10,
   103.                     12, 123, 135.
Gendron, John, 13.       Groves, 4, 5.
Gibson, Bartlett,        Groves, Edward Welsh,
   39.                      4.
Gibson, Elisha Carter,   Groves, Jeanne Lambdin,
                          4.

                                        155





Guignard, James, S.,    Harrell, Sarah, 1, 2,
   30, 32.                 5, 6a, 6b, 7, 21,
Haiglar, 136.              31, 56, 58-60, 74,
Hamelton, John, 15.        77, 78, 82, 84, 88,
Hamilton, Sarah J.,        98, 105-108, 113,
   108.                    114, 124, 137.
Hampton, Andrew,        Harrell, Unity Fox,
   136.                    2-4, 6a-7, 56,
Hampton, Wade, 45,         122.
   60, 136.             Harrell, Vassye, 4.
Hampton, Wade, II,      Harrell, William, 2-
   136.                    7, 56, 122.
Hampton, Wade, III,     Harrell, William, Sr.,
   136.                    6b.
Hancock, Elizabeth,     Harwood, 116.
   123.                 Harwood, Anne Fox,
Hannah, 108.               116.
Hannah, Nancy K.        Hastings, 38.
   Pryor, 108.          Hastings, Dorcas
Harrell, 4-6c.             Carter, 38.
Harrell, Agnes, 3,      Hathaway, J. R. B.,
   4, 5.                   3.
Harrell, Francis        Hawes, 116.
   Marion, 4.           Hearn, Mary Ann, 107.
Harrell, Hardy, 3,      Henderson, Samuel,
   6b, 6c.                 121.
Harrell, Israel Har-    Hendrick, 126.
   dy, 6c.              Hendrick, J. R.,
Harrell, Jacob, 3.         121.
Harrell, Jethro B.,     Hendrick, Jasper
   4, 6a.                  R., 9, 11, 125.
Harrell, John, 2-4,     Hendrick, Jerry, 130.
   6a-6c, 56, 122.      Henry, A. V., 113.
Harrell, John, Jr.,     Herbemont, Alex T.,
   6b.                     31.
Harrell, John, Sr.,     Hester, Gladys Mal-
   6b.                     lory, 113.
Harrell, Lewis, 3.      Hicks, Angeline Fox,
Harrell, Mary, 3-          90, 107.
   6b.                  Hicks, Dora Martin,
Harrell, Nacy Phil-        108.
   lips, 4.             Hicks, John Thomas,
Harrell, Noona Fox,        107.
   7, 122.              Hill, 95.



                                          15 6





Hill, Henry Willis,          Hughes, Grace, 7 6 .
   125.                      Hughes, Gracy Ann,
Hill, Isaac, 25.                103.
Hill, Josephine Cort-        Hughes, Harriet Moore,
   ner Zeitler, 6c.             104.
Hill, Mary Margaret,         Hughes, James Frank-
   130.                         lin, 103.
Hill, Thomas T. H.,          Hughes, Jesse, 56,
   131.                         58, 59, 75, 76,
Hitt , Joel R., 101 .           89 , 99 , 101 , 137 .
Hitt, Joel Reuben,           Hughes, Joel, 103.
   103.                      Hughes, Joseph, 101.
Hi t t, Mart in , 10 3 .     Hughe s, Lizz ie, 10 1 .
Hollingsworth, Dan-          Hughes, Martha, 104.
   iel Jackson, 107.         Hughes, Mary Ann
Hollingsworth, Dorcas           Caroline, 89, 90,
   Ann Fox Bennett,             101, 107.
   107 .                     Hughes , Mary B., 138 .
Hollingsworth, Dor-          Hughes, Mary Bailey,
   cas Fox Bennett,             106.
   89.                       Hughes, Nancy, 57,
Hornady, Annie, 4.              75, 76, 102, 106.
Hornady, Laura Nina,         Hughes, Polly, 89,
   4.                           101, 107.
Howard, Frank, 102 .         Hughes, Sarah, 7 6,
Howell, Robert, 55.             80, 102, 106.
Hughes, 43, 66, 76,          Hughes, Unity, 102.
   99-104.                   Hughes, Unity Moni-
Hughes, Ann, 57,                ca, 102.
   102.                      Hughes, William,
Hughe s, Be t t ie , 10 2 .     104 .
Hughes, Charlotte            Hughs, Nancy Ann, 93.
   Bell, 101.                Hume, Thomas, 10, 123,
Hughes, Daniel, 101,            135.
   10 2 .                    Hume s, 12 .
Hughes, Dorcas John-         Hunter, George, 13.
   son, 56, 58, 59,          Ike, Matt T., 55.
   75, 76, 89, 97,           Jackson, Warren, 25,
   98, 101, 137.                52.
Hughes, Elizabeth,           James, 37-39.
   10 2 .                    Jame s, Benj amin Al -
Hughes, Elizabeth               bert, 37.
   Ann Gary, 103.            James, Gracie Ann
Hughes, Emma, 103.              Bates, 37.
Hughes . Frances Anne        James , J . O., 125 ,
   Shaw, 103.                   135.

                                        157





James, William, 37.     Keane, Martha, 17.
Johns, Jane Fox,        Keane, Martin, 17,

Johns, Richard, 118.    Keen, Andrew, 16.
Johnson, 43, 66, 76,    Kee Elizabeth, 16.
   78, 99-104.          Keen, Elizabeth Pelleo,
Johnson, Ann, 56, 81,      16.
   97-100, 104.         Keen, John, 16.
Johnson, Benjamin,      Keen, Martha, 16, 21,
   6b, 7, 56, 80,          22, 44, 121, 123,
   81, 99.                 124, 135.
Johnson, Benjamin,      Keen, Mary, 16.
   Jr., 98.             Keen, Peter, 46.
Johnson, Dorcas, 58,    Keen, Thomas, 16.
   59, 88, 89, 75,      Keezee, Rebecca
   76, 97, 98, 101,        Fox, 106.
   137.                 Keezee, Robert, 106.
Johnson, Elizabeth,     Kenamore, Sophia Fox,
   75, 80, 81, 98-         73.
   100, 106.            Kendrick, John, 121.
Johnson, John C.,       Kendrick, Mary, 119,
   56 97, 104.            121.
Johnson, John For-      Kendrick, William,
   sythe, 104.             121.
Johnson, Joseph, 56,    Killingsworth, 46,
   97, 104.                124.
Johnson, Mary Clai-     Killingsworth, Anne,
   borne Fox, 6b, 7,       40.
   56, 80, 99, 122.     Killingsworth, Avis,
Johnson, Mary Fox, 8.      40.
Johnson, Nancy, 56,     Killingsworth, Dorian,
   81, 99.                 39
Johnson, Thomas, 6b,    Killingsworth, Edward,
   7, 122.                 40.
Johnson, Unity, 97-     Killingsworth, Eliza-
   99.                     beth, 40.
Jones, 93.              Killingsworth, Eliza-
Jones, Pembroke, 19.       beth Fox, 27-29,
Joyner, 38.                38-40, 124.
Joyner, A. B., 40.      Killingsworth, Jacob,
Joyner, David, 38.         39, 40, 44.
Joyner, Joseph, 38.     Killingsworth, Jacob,
Joyner, Mary Carter,       Jr., 40.
   38.                  Killingsworth, Jane
Karoll. Edward, 51.        Scott. 40.

                                         158





Killingsworth, Jenny,    Knight, Ellis Gore,
   40.                      96, 108
Killingsworth, Jesse,    Knollys, Anne, 111.
   39, 40.               Knollys, Francis
Killingsworth, John,        111.
   40-                   Knollys, Lady Cath-
Killingsworth, John         erine Cary, 111.
   Hill, 40.             Lambdin, 5
Killingsworth, Lucy,     Lambdin, Annie Smith,
   40.                      4
Killingsworth, Mar-      Lambdin, Jeanne, 4.
   garet, 40.            Lambdin, William
Killingsworth, Mark,        Wallace, 4.
   40.                   Lane, Anne, 116.
Killingsworth, Mar-      Lane, Henry, 116.
   tha, 40.              Langford, Eli, 88.
Killingsworth, Mary,     Lark, Robert, 1.
   40.                   Lay, Sarah Fox, 106.
Killingsworth, Mary      Lay, Vincent, 106.
   Salisbury, 40.        Lee, 110, 111
Killingsworth, Nan-      Lewis, 28.
   cy, 40.               Lewis, Russell A.,
Killingsworth, Nan-         28, 42.
   cy Shell, 40.         Lightfoot, Frances,
Killingsworth, Noel,        118.
   40.                   Lightfoot, Francis,
Killingsworth, Polly,       118.
   40.                   Lightfoot, Margaret,
Killingsworth, Pris-        118
   cilla, 40.            Little; John, 138.
Killingsworth, Sarah,    Littlepage, Richard,
   40.                      111, 119, 131.
Killingsworth, William,  Lockett, Homer White,
   40.                     37.
Killingsworth, William,  Long, Celia, 88.
   II, 40.               Love, Sarah Eliza-
Killingsworth, William,     beth, 6c.
   III, 40.              Lowry, Kathryn Runge,
King, 127.                  113.
King, George H. S.,      Lynch, John Thomas,
   110, 112, 120, 126,      112.
   131, 133.             Lytfoot, Thomas, 118.
King, George S. H.,      McCain, 100-102, 106,
   130.                     125.
Knight, Dorcus Marie     McCain, W. D., 113.
  Mills. 96, 108.

                                          159





McCain, William D.,     McTeer, Aline T.,
   86, 108.                55.
McCord, 26, 76.         Macfeat, Dorian Kil-
McCord, Bob, 107.          lingsworth, 39.
McCord, David, 34,      Macfeat, William, 39.
   54, 55.              Macon, Elizabeth D.
McCord, James, 107.        Warner, 103.
McCord, Jimmie, 66,     Macon, Elizabeth
   76.                     Warner, 76.
McCord, John, 26, 54.   Macon, Grace Hughes,
McCord, Joseph, 38.        76.
McCord, Margaret Fox,   Macon, Gracy Ann
   107.                    Hughes, 103.
McCord, Tabitha Ange-   Macon, Jim, 103.
   line Cooke, 66,      Macon, Kirby, 103.
   106.                 Macon, Mattie, 103.
McCord, Virgie, 66, 76.  Macon, Thomas, 76,
McCrellas, James, 34.      103.
McDaniel, F. W., 107.   Macon, Thomas Perry,
McGinnis, James, 107.      87, 103.
McGinnis, Nancy Fox,    Macon, Tom, 76.
   107.                 Macon, Walter, 103.
McGuire, Elizabeth      Macon, William S.,
   Hughes, 102.            103.
McGuire, Pascal P.,     Macon, Willie, 76.
   102.                 Macon, Willie S.,
McGuire, Tennessee,        76.
   102.                 Mallory, 72.
McIntosh, Agnes Har-    Mallory, Dot, 69,
   rell, 3, 4, 5.          84.
McIntosh, Jonathan      Mallory, Dot F.,
   Lackland, 3.            73.
McIntosh, Lachland,     Mallory, Dot Fox,
   4.                      70-73, 87, 113.
McKee, Mary Jane,       Mallory, Gladys, 113.
   107.                 Mallory, Verna, 69.
McLean, John, 40.       Mallory, Verner, 84.
McLeod, 24, 25.         Martin, Dora, 108.
McLeod, Elijah 24.      Martin, James, 88.
McLeod, Elisha, 24.     Martin, Oliver P.,
McNary, 35.                88.
McNary, Sarah Scott,    Martin, Polly, 88.
   35.                  Martin, Unity, 88.
McNeill, Margaret,      Matherton, Moses, 97.
   130.                 Maxon, Mary Evelyn,
McSweenev. 19.             73.

                                        160





Merline, Alexander,     Mitchell, J. Douglas,
   50.                     110, 112.
Merline, Henrietta      Mitchell, Jesse, 6c.
   Carroll, 50.         Mitchell, Noona Fox,
Michie, Alexander,         6c.
   49.                  Mitchell, Nuna Fox,
Miles, Ed, 50.             6c.
Miles, Elizabeth,       Mitchell, Sarah Fox,
   50.                     6c.
Millikin, A., 97.       Monro, Jonathan, 109.
Mills, 102.             Moore, Harriet, 104.
Mills, Benagy, 96.      Morrit, 16.
Mills, Benagy L.,       Mosley, Amanda J.
   96, 108.                Ware, 106.
Mills, Cherry, 108.     Myers, J. D., 132.
Mills, Dock, 108.       Nesbitt, Arnold, 19.
Mills, Dorcas Fox,      Newsom, James T.,
   57, 96, 108, 114,       113.
   137.                 Nicholson, Francis,
Mills, Dorcas Marie,       109.
   108.                 Norrie, A. Landfear,
Mills, Dorcus Marie,       19.
   96.                  O'Brien, Kennedy, 17,
Mills, Elizabeth Dar-      18.
   den, 108.            Oswald, Julianne,
Mills, George W.,          106.
   108.                 Overstreet, Hal,
Mills, Georgia, 108.       138.
Mills, Hattie, 108.     Parish, Frederick,
Mills, James H.,           16, 45, 123.
   108.                 Parish, George, 123.
Mills, James Milton,    Parsons, Elizabeth
   102.                   Ann, 49.
Mills, Martha, 108.     Parsons, James, 49.
Mills, Milton Jud,      Parsons, Mary, 49.
   108.                 Parsons, Mary Car-
Mills, Nancy T.,           roll, 49.
   108.                 Pawley, George, 12.
Mills, Paul, 102.       Peacock, Levi Milton,
Mills, Sarah Eliza-        Jr., 4.
   beth, 108.           Peacock, Vassye Har-
Mills, Unity Hughes,       rell, 4.
   102.                 Peck, 126.
Mills, Unity Monica     Peck, Sarah Eliza-
   Hughes, 102.            beth Love, 6c.

                                          161





Pelleo, Elizabeth,        Price, E. S., 57.
   16.                    Propst, Hamby, 100.
Pennington, Eleanor       Propst, Unity Fran-
   Fox, 93.                  ces Emoline Brent,
Pepper, Daniel, 17,          100.
   18.                    Propst, Wincy, 100.
Perry, Grace Fox,         Pryor, 60, 72, 137.
   55.                    Pryor, Emmeline Fin-
Perry, J. Morton,            nell Shaw, 108.
   55 .                   Pryor , George W.,
Perry, Leola T.,             108.
   55.                    Pryor, Jacob David,
Phillips , Jimmie V.,        108 .
   71.                    Pryor, Jake, 108.
Phillips, Jimmie Vance,   Pryor, James, 66,
   88, 114.                  134.
Phillips, Nacy, 4.        Pryor, James Thig-
Pickernell, Eliza-           pen, 107.
   beth, 116.             Pryor, Jim, 71.
Pittman, 107.             Pryor, Jimmie McCord,
Pittman, Camilla Ade-        66.
   line, 107.             Pryor, Joe, 64.
Pittman, Charity, 107.    Pryor, John S. O.,
Pi t tman, El izabe th       10 8 .
   Jane , 107 .           Pryor , John W., 107 .
Pittman, Winnie Pryor,   Pryor, Joseph E.,
   107.                      108.
Ponder, Eleanor Fox,      Pryor, Joseph H.,
   22, 24, 59, 65-           108.
   68, 93, 95, 113,       Pryor, Lelon, 114
   134 .                  Pryor , Lon , Jr .,
Porcher, W. D., 19.          86.
Powell, 28, 124.          Pryor, Martha Fran-
Powell, Mary, 124.           ces, 108.
Powell, Mary Fox,         Pryor, Martha Fran-
   27-29, 42.                cis, 83.
Powell, Mary Fox          Pryor, Martha Green,
   Cooner, 28, 36,           108.
   124.                   Pryor, Martha M.
Prewitt , Clarissa J .,      108 .
   107.                   Pryor, Mary, 107.
Prewitt, Joe, 107.        Pryor, Mary Jane
Prewitt, Josiah, 107.        McKee, 107.
Prewitt, Mary Fox,        Pryor, Mary Manila
   90,  107.                 Vance,  108.



                                        162





Pryor, Nancy K.,         Richardson, Blondie
   108.                    Fox, 62, 64.
Pryor, Nila Vance, 108.  Richbourg, Claudius,
Pryor, Pheba A., 107.      123.
 Pryor, Rebecca Vir-    Richbourg, Unity Fox ,
     ginia, 108.           123.
 Pryor, Samuel Odle,    Rives, Betty Fox, 7,
      107, 137.            122.
   Pryor, Sarah E.,     Rives, Elizabeth Fox,

 Pryor, Sarah J. Ham-   Rives, John, 7, 122.
     ilton, 108.        Rives, Martha, 122.
  Pryor, Tilden, 73.    Rives, Martha Patsy,
   Pryor, Tun, 108.        7.
  Pryor, Unity, 108.    Rives, Patsy, 122.
  Pryor, Unity Fox,     Roane, Alice Fox,
   60, 66, 71, 83,         108.
    88, 107, 113,       Roane, Simeon Moses,
      114, 137.            108.
 Pryor, William Rich-   Roberts, Agnes Smith
      ard, 108.            Renfroe, 4.
 Pryor, Winnie, 107.    Roberts, G. P., 4.
  Puthuff, Emma Fox,    Robinson, 119, 121,
     22, 78, 80.           126.
  Puthuff, Emmeline,    Robinson, Daniel, 7.
         66.            Robinson, David, 7.
 Randall, John, 116.    Robinson, J. Ben,
   Randall, Joshua,        1-3, 6b-7, 112,
         116.              115-117, 119-122,
 Randall, Sarah Fox,       126, 127, 129, 132-
         116.              134.
   Ransom, Dora A.,     Robinson, James, 2.
         104.           Robinson, John, 7.
  Ransom, Maggie H.,    Robinson, Lucy, 7.
         104.           Robinson, Lucy Fox,
    Ransom, Martha         6c-8, 122.
     Hughes, 104.       Robinson, Mary, 7.
  Ransom, Reuben D.,    Robinson, Rebecca, 7.
         104.           Robinson, Sarah, 7.
  Reeves, Patty, 6c.    Robinson, Sarah Fox,
   Remington, Jona-        6c, 122.
      than, 48.         Robinson, William, 7,
Renfroe, Agnes Smith,      122.
          4.            Robinson, Winifred, 7.
  Richards, Isabel,     Robinson, Winifred
     Both, 122.           Fox, 2.

                                          163





Ross, Jane, 35.          Seay, Melinda Carter,
Ross, John, 35.             39.
Rowse, 116.              Sharp, Jack, 128.
Rowse, Susan Fox,        Shaw, Charles David,
   116.                     104.
Runge, Katie Fox,        Shaw, Charner M.,
   91.                      107.
Russell, John, 26.       Shaw, Clough S.,
Rylands , W. H., 115 .      107 .
St. John, James, 12.     Shaw, Dora A. Ran-
Salisbury, Mary, 40.        som, 104.
Salley, A. S., Jr.,      Shaw, Dorcas Fox,
   49.                      107.
Sanderson, Eliza         Shaw, Emmeline Fin-
   Skinner, 93.             nell, 108.
Scott, 28, 34, 46.       Shaw, Frances Anne,
Scott, Ann Fox, 27-         103.
   29, 34-36, 124.       Shaw, Herndon Earl,
Scott, Ann Jane Car-        107.
   ter, 39.              Shaw, John, 137.
Scott, Elizabeth, 35.    Shaw, Mary Ann Fox,
Sc ot t, Es ther, 35 .      10 7 .
Scott, George, 34,       Shaw, Nancy, 137.
   36.                   Shaw, Polly Fox,
Scott, James, 35.           107.
Scott, Jane, 35, 40.     Shaw, Sarah E.
Scott, Jane Ross,           Pryor, 107.
   35.                   Shell, Nancy, 40.
Scott, John, 35.         Shelton, Dora Gregg,
Scott , John T ., 39 .      72 , 90 .
Scott, Joseph, 35.       Shelton, Z. F., 31,
Scott, Mary, 35.            57, 70-72, 76, 85,
Scott, Samuel, 26,          89, 90, 97, 98,
   35 .                     100- 104 .
Scott, Sarah, 35.        Shepherd, 61.
Scott, William, 34-      Shingleton, Richard,
   36, 46, 124.             25.
Scott, William, Jr.,     Shuman, Walter S.,
   34 .                     Jr ., 9 6 .
Scott, William, II,      Shuman, Walter W.,
   34-36.                   Jr., 114.
Scott, William, III,     Simpson, James C.,
   34- 36 .                 107 .
Seay, James H., 39.      Simpson, Pheba A.
eav, John, 33.             Pryor, 107.

                                         164





Sims, John J.,          Starr, Priscilla Vir-
   Jr., 108.               ginia Fox, 22, 45,
Sims, Nancy T. Mills,      58, 60-62, 84.
   108.                 Steadman, 1, 2, 6a,
Singleton, Richard,        6b, 21, 23-27, 37,
   14, 25.                 44, 45, 98, 115,
Skelton, Don, 113.         121.
Skelton, Donald E.,     Steadman, Joseph E.,
   113.                    5, 26, 43, 59, 75,
Skelton, John, 114.        116, 117, 119-123,
Skinner, Eliza, 93.        126-129, 133-136.
Skinner, Martha Elea-   Steadman, Joseph E.,
   nor, 106.               Sr., 2, 10, 21,
Skinner, Martha Ellen,     75, 115, 127.
   93.                  Stennis, William, 137.
Smallwood, Marilu       Stoddard, Sarah Fox,
   Burch, 3.               106.
Smith, 106.             Stoddard, Thadeous
Smith, Agnes Harrell       Isom D., 106.
  McIntosh, 3, 4,       Stovall, Lewis, 106,
   5.                      138.
Smith, Annie, 4.        Stovall, Mary Ann
Smith, Elizabeth H.,       Fox, 106, 138.
   110.                 Straughn, Travis, 88.
Smith, Flora, 4.        Strother, George, 51,
Smith, George Augus-       52.
   tus, 3, 4, 5.        Sudman, Elizabeth, 121.
Smith, Henry J., 5.     Swaney, Martha, 45.
Smith, James, 67.       Sweeting, Martha, 3.
Smith, Lavina, 7.       Taylor, John L., 113.
Smith, Lavinia, 122.    Taylor, Myrtie Fox,
Smith, Sarah Fox, 106.     113, 114.
Smith, Susannah, 121,   Taylor, Thomas, 54.
   122.                 Thomas, Martha Mills,
Smith, Thomas, 17.         108.
Smith, Virgie McCord,   Thomas, N. A., 108.
   66-67.               Thompson, 35.
Sowden, 43.             Thompson, Esther Scott,
Sowden, Rebecca Car-       35.
   rell, 43.            Tisdall, Katie, 39.
Spencer, 72.            Torrence, Clayton,
Springer, Vardaman,        110.
   84, 143.             Touchberry, 39.
Starr, 64-67.           Touchberry, Matelda
Starr, J. P., 75.          Carter, 39.
Starr, Priscilla Fox,   Troup, John, 51,
   75, 76, 84.             52.









                                                              -

_





                                                     165





                  Truly, 75.                West, Anne Knollys,
                  Truly, Ben, 67.              111.
                  Truly, Bessie, 21,        West, Francis, 111.
                     23.                    West, Hattie Mills,
                  Truly, Bessie Fox,           108.
                     26, 44, 67, 74,        West, John, 109,
                     78-80,101,103,            111,119,128,
                     127.                      130,132.
                  Tunstall, Edmund,         West, Nathaniel,
                     119.                      132.
                  Tunstall, Mary, 120.      West, Thomas, 111,
                  Tyler , J . H., 114 .        119 , 132 .
                  Valentine, Carmon E.,     West, Unity Croshaw,
                     113,114.                  119.
                  Vance, Adam Burris,       Weston, 35.
                     107.                   Weston, Malachi, 35.
                  Vance, George, 107.       Weston, Robert, 35,
                  Vance, Martha Fox ,          38 .
                     107.                   Weston, Sarah Scott,
                  Vance, Mary Manila,          35.
                     108.                   Wetherhed, Margret,
                  Vance, Mattie Fox,           116.
                     1()7.                  Whitaker, Willis,
                  Vance, Nila, 108.            26.
                  Vance, Sallie Fox, 107 .  Whi te, Anne Fox, 118.
                  Vance, Sarah Fox, 1()7.   White, Henry, 90.
                  Vinson, Thomas, 9.        White, Jerusha Fox,
                  Walden, Margaret, 55.        90, 107.
                  Walls, John, 11.          White, Mathis T.,
                  Warner, Elizabeth,           106.
                     7 6 .                  White, Medey, 88 .
                  Warner, Elizabeth D.,     White, Unity Fox,
                     103.                      106.
                  Warner, Jim, 76.          White, William Hen-
                  Warner, Kirby, 76.           ry, 107.
                  Warner, Mattie, 76.       Whitner, William, 40.
                  Warner, Walter, 76.       Whitticar, Willes, 54.
                  Warner, Will, 76.         Wichter, Mary Smith, 2.
                  Wa shingt on , 3 .        Wilkins on , Jane, 10 6 .
                  Wayne, Richard, 26.       Wilkinson, Virginia,
                  Weeks, Anna Cornelia         106.
                     Fox, 2.                Williams, Anne Killings-
                  Weeks, James S., 2.          worth, 40.
                  West, 108, 112, 130.      Williams, Green, 4().
                  West, Anne, 1, 43, 110-   Williams, Nancy Killings-
                     112, 118, 119, 121,       worth, 40.
                     122, 126, 128, 130,    Williamson, Hannah,
                     132,133.                  2,122.



                                        166





Williamson, Johanna,
   122.
Wills, Isbell Car-
   roll, 45.
Wilson, John, 17, 18.
Woodard, Ann Pritchard,
    110 .
Woodward, Isom, 40.
Woodward, James, 108.
Woodward, Mary Ann
   Fox, 108.
Woodward, Mary Salis-
   bury Killingsworth,
   40.
Woodward, Molly Fox,
   108.
Wooten, 56.
Wooten, Priscilla, 56-
   59, 75, 106.
Wooten, Rebecca, 56-
   5, 106.
Wooten, Virginia Pris-
   cilla, 94.
Wyatt, Hawte, 110.
Wyatt, Richard Ware,
    110 .
Yoakley, Georgia Mills,
    108.
Yoakley, Joe, 108.
Zeitler, 125.
Zeitler, Josephine
   Cortner, 6c.


